[{"content": "AWESOME birthday cakes. So adorable and ginormous. Great pastries and sandwiches - good for catering parties and get togethers. Find metered parking. You can even host events here - good for kids' birthdays.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Connie S.", "time": "3/7/2016"}, {"content": "The only thing wrong with Porto's is the long line to get your food. Other than that, it's worth the wait, but they could use more cashiers.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Bernadette S.", "time": "2/1/2016"}, {"content": "This place is amazing, and well worth the hype. \u00a0The medianoche sandwich was delicious, as were the potato balls and cheese rolls. \u00a0My personal favorite were the rellenitos. \u00a0I'd never had one prior coming to here, and now it's one of my all time favorite desserts.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Adrian M.", "time": "5/13/2016"}, {"content": "When I first moved to Burbank 10 years ago, the departing owners said I MUST try this amazing bakery on Magnolia.They didn't mention by name so it took two tries to find Porto's. \u00a0And, after a decade, I still love it.I've brought clients there, which is great for impressing them with the eye-popping pastries, but it's usually too loud for a please-sign-the-contract kind of conversation.So now I go just for pleasure, which also means I can grab an extra pastry without anyone knowing.Everything is fresh and the low prices will encourage you to buy a box of goodies and not just the single muffin you had in mind.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Katherine K.", "time": "5/29/2016"}, {"content": "San Jose Yelper Holly V and I had a brief exchange the other day, about Porto's possibly setting up a store in NorCal. Sounds intriguing, doesn't it? Most Yelpers that I meet from up North relish at that idea. I'm positive that the owners of Porto's would marvel at the thought as well.Even, for this Burbank location, the legendary Cuban bakery is constantly bustling with activity. The customer line can wrap around inside and out, with people piled up against the wall and in the dining area. Multiple workers move frantically to and fro, with constant efficiency and organization. There's a good reason that this business is quite successful and so they should be. Their pastries are excellent and the food draws a crowd. Porto's for me, has to be one of THE best bakeries in all of Southern California. So let's talk about their inventory. Shall we dance?PASTRIESJust remember the following treats - Meat Pie, Potato Ball, Guava & Cheese, and Cheese Roll. Some of those are savory, a couple are sweet. Either way, you bring them as desserts for any festive occasion and you're gonna appear that much more appealing to the guests. Another that I favor is the Fruit Tart. It pisses excellence on all accounts. During, the holiday season, they make a heart shaped version where the bottom is covered with chocolate. Also, consider the Cr\u00e8me Br\u00fbl\u00e9e, aka Crema Catalana.SANDWICHESAlthough, their Pastrami, Turkey & Cheese, and Veggie are all wonderful, you're here for the Cuban kind. The Media Noche (midnight sandwich) is created with slices of slow roasted pork, ham, Swiss cheese, pickles, butter, mustard, and mayonnaise mix on a sweet roll. The Cubano is made of slices of slow roasted pork, ham, Swiss cheese, pickles, butter, mustard, and mayonnaise mix on Cuban bread. The Pan Con Bistec ismarinated steak, potato sticks, grilled onions, tomatoes, and mojo (garlic sauce) on Cuban bread.CAKESAside, from the Strawberry Cheesecake and Mango Mousse Cake, the pair that deserves a righteous fist pump are the Fruit Tart and Berry Fruit Tart cakes. Both are amazing and sure to peak your interests. Like I said before, I heart Porto's Bakery. Whether, it's ground zero in Glendale, a close neighbor in Burbank, or their distant cousin in Downey - put on a winning smile and go get 'em!THE CENTER OF THE SOUTHLANDExpect about 2 million customers and $15 million in annual sales per year at the new Buena Park location for Porto's, set to open in the Summer of 2016. Located, in between Medieval Times and Pirate's Dinner Adventure on Beach Blvd, I'm gonna enjoy having some late night gelato and warm coffee. You wanna tango?", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Chris C.", "time": "12/2/2014"}, {"content": "It was my first time visiting Burbank location, its good as Glendale one. Love their mango empanada, potato balls, cheese rolls. Not fan of their cakes but many people love. Lines are really long but the employees are really quick.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Arpine M.", "time": "12/22/2015"}, {"content": "I have to say, really good value......It's crazy cheap over here......I shared the Cuban sandwich, a cheese roll and a guava cheese roll with my mom. The sandwich was yummy, with crispy and tender bread and lots of flavours. The cheese roll was ok, and the guava cheese roll was really good. Service was passable. If you don't mind the healthiness of your food, you will love this place.", "rating": "3.0 star rating", "name": "Cindy Z.", "time": "3/16/2016"}, {"content": "I love this place. Great customer service. The food is delicious. Pastries and cakes scrumptious. Coffee is strong and yummy. So popular where ever they open a new location even though they have expanded, the lines are always crazy long. But definitely worth the wait!!!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Ibett B.", "time": "3/27/2016"}, {"content": "This is one of the few places on earth for which there just aren't enough stars or superlatives to describe what a gem it is. While I find the place aesthetically horrific and overwhelming, I totally understand the need for a hangar-sized space because everyone with taste buds in a 10-square-mile radius comes here for incredible food. Ok, my first experience with Porto's, like so many others, was with their desserts...holy lord Jesus, what dark magic is this?! The chocolate chip cookies, better than sex. The mango mousse, epic. The flourless chocolate cake, a religious experience. I have high hopes for the carrot cake, though I wish you could order one without nuts, but I'll pick them out and have faith that it will be worth it. The savory food...ridiculous. From the fresh baguettes for about a buck to the tuna salad on a flaky, buttery croissant, it's ALL good. But when I stumbled upon the empanadas and the meat pies and potato balls...it was all over. It's like getting the satisfaction of stoner food while completely lucid. I crave them endlessly and thank god it's just a bit too far to go too often. Even the damned fresh squeezed orange juice and smoothies are gorgeous. How can they make everything so f-ing fabulous?? It must be some sort of pact with the devil, but I'm ok with that, as long as the empanadas and tarts hold out, who am I to judge? And if that wasn't all good enough, it's CHEAP. It must be due to the volume, which is intense. When you walk in you'll want to walk out when you see the lines but trust me, they move fast, and the slight wait is SOOOO worth it. But we've walked out with a ton of food and I honestly thought they forgot to charge for something. We love this place so much, we're planning to swing by for a bunch of goodies on our wedding day and then high-tailing it to the beach or Topanga for an impromptu picnic. What could be better? Seriously...if you haven't gone yet, you're retarded. Just nut up and go. And try a bunch of things because they're all so wonderful and life is to be enjoyed, right? Go! Go now!!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Maddy G.", "time": "8/1/2015"}, {"content": "I've tried most of their desserts. We always get more than what we come here for. The lines get really long so come during non busy hours. Cheese rolls are always consistent on our list. Enjoy!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Abby L.", "time": "9/15/2015"}, {"content": "Ok let's face it, everyone and their momma's love Portos. Despite the lack of parking, ridiculously long lines and pricey pastries we all can't get enough. So as much as I want to dock them an extra star for the price and parking, I won't. Love love love this place. Don't think I've ever tried a single thing on their menu that I didn't love. Potato balls are to die for. Dulce de leche kisses are perfect if you have a sweet tooth. If you are planning a trip just make sure you come early in the morning right when they open to avoid the long lines. If you are getting a cake make sure to preorder ahead so you can skip the line.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Marie M.", "time": "8/2/2015"}, {"content": "Who doesnt like Porto's... I love it before, i love now and i will always love Porto's.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Steve C.", "time": "5/10/2016"}, {"content": "Portos has always been associate will long lines. Just know that. Is it worth it? Yes.Always crowded. The line is long and it takes a while for food to come out. Same quality and reasonable price as the first store in Glendale. I am a Glendale native so I know what Porto's is suppose to taste like and this location is just a good. Building they rented out is beautiful.Typical Pastry I recommend is: *Cheese Roll* & Guava Pastry.Savory: Potato ball and any of their sandwiches. They are almost always good and come will dope zucchini chips.Desert: Cannot go wrong with anything but my personal favorite is the Mango Mouse. :)Event Desert: Fruit TartBirthday Party Cake: All good but go with the Tiramisu.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Liberty L.", "time": "3/27/2016"}, {"content": "Good cakes and nice place. Have been only once and got what i needed", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Chidu C.", "time": "5/9/2016"}, {"content": "i have yet to get something there that doesn't taste amazing....the line is always long but it does go by pretty quick because they have a bazillion workers behind the counter taking orders. I must say that it is kind of overwhelming in there because its loud and theres always a line and theres a huge case display case of all the pastries, cookies, cakes, etc and when its your time to order you kinda feel like theres a ticking time bomb so you have to know what you want before you get up to the front (maybe its just me but i feel serious pressure when its my turn) but just thinking of the great ordeal of deliciousness you will experience once you pay for the goods and get to go home with a nice big box of Guava Cheese pastries plus more! The other portos in Glendale is more mellow and smaller.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Mia I.", "time": "4/8/2016"}, {"content": "Parking can be a pain, and the lines are long. But that's it on the cons. The lines do move pretty fast, and once you're ordering up front you'll feel happiness inside! Potato balls, cheese rolls, guava strudel, and chicken empanada are a must. Do yourself a favor; get in your car and head to Magnolia & Hollywood Way. You won't be disappointed.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Jesus A.", "time": "5/9/2016"}, {"content": "Lets just say you have to try this place if you are in the area. I was born and raised in Miami, Florida and this is the closest I've found to authentic cuban food in this area. The pastelitos are amazing!!! They americanized the names so cheese and guava pastry or cheese roll is what you have to look forward to. The sandwiches are authentic and amazing the only thing I would say does not taste authentic is the picadillo or in english ground beef mixture used for meat pastries. It is good however it contains different seasoning than those man by native cubans...good non the less and definitely with driving out of your way for.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Yvette B.", "time": "4/8/2016"}, {"content": "Portos is a really busy place why is busy because it carries the most delicious cuban coffee, plates, fruit tarts, cakes (desserts) etc, \u00a0my favorite ones are: the potato meat balls, the cake you must try the mango and the fruit tart yummy.Customer services is not so great the ladies that work there are rude they treat you like you asking for free stuff Porto's should train their staff to be more professional friendly. Anyways the place is clean, parking lot is small. 04/100 #100YelpChallenge", "rating": "3.0 star rating", "name": "Kelly E.", "time": "12/24/2015"}, {"content": "I looooove Portos! Whenever one of my family members has a birthday or its the holidays you bet I'm going to get a cake from here! Their cakes are phenomenal and relatively cheap. I recommend their fruit tart for those who don't like things that are too sweet. Cake wise I also recommend the mango mousse, white chocolate raspberry cheese cake, and red velvet. Other things I recommend: potato balls; cheese roll; chocolate croissant; guava anything; RASPBERRY KISSES; steak torta; horchata smoothie; basically everything is very satisfying. Their lines are long, especially during holidays and peak hours, but they go relatively quickly. Portos is definitely worth the wait.If you can't tell, I just really love this place", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Janet L.", "time": "8/8/2015"}, {"content": "Come on there's nothing to really say. This place is amazing. I was in Florida and went to some authentic Cuban restaurants and cart food. We living in LA have a lot to be great full for. We have the best Cuban bakery's in the world. We have great ingredients and have the farmlands to provide us with great meats and vegetables all year round. Give that to a family who knows food and bam you'll strike a gold mine. \u00a0No one can do it better. Simple amazing and great ingredients.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Mohamad S.", "time": "4/23/2016"}]