[{"content": "I have had the Cuban sandwich two different ways since I moved to Angel City. \u00a0I had one made as if it where some greasy mess as if it where from a county fair. \u00a0Smashed together with mystery meats, greasier than French fries doubled fried in lard, and put together with no care at all. \u00a0That version came from Versailles, supposedly a Cuban food watering hole when traveling down Venice Boulevard towards the beach.The Cuban at Porto's is a much better version. \u00a0First off it's tastier. \u00a0Better quality of ingredients. \u00a0The bread was crunch and fresh. \u00a0The sandwich was crafted as if the cook was building a Jenga tower. The pickles did not over power the meat and vice versa. \u00a0Everything was just right. \u00a0Some say you can't get something that's fast, cheap, and good. \u00a0The Cuban at Porto's is the exception. \u00a0I have no clue where you can get a Cuban sandwich (or any gourmet sandwich) for four bucks and change.I visited the place at noon on a rainy Saturday in Burbank. \u00a0Parking was an issue, but once inside the line of twenty people disappeared in a matter of 120 seconds. The crowd, just locals. \u00a0No Hollywood actors and actresses and no Silver Lake and Little Tokyo hipsters. \u00a0Just working class folk and their families who want to enjoy an early lunch/brunch. \u00a0Places like these are calming. \u00a0I like that.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Monis R.", "time": "2/27/2011"}, {"content": "Was in the area, so I decided to stop by.Great location, easy to find street parking, and it's busy around lunch time! \u00a0The interior has ample space and large displays for the food (dessert and pastries). \u00a0Out of the things I got here, the stuff I liked the best were the:~ chicken empanada (nice flavor of the meat and seasoning, not dry, with a flakey buttery crust)~3 layer chocolate mousse (white, milk and dark chocolate layers, very yummy!)These were okay (no bad though for the price you pay!):~white chocolate raspberry cheesecake~mango cheesecake~coconut cake~tres lecheOver all, they have great prices. \u00a0I was able to get 5 desserts and 2 meat pie things for about $14. \u00a0They have so many things on the menu that it's hard not to go back. \u00a0I'm curious about their sandwiches as they looked popular and every table we walked by had some sort of tasty sandwich with a side of plantain chips! Yum!", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Nancy P.", "time": "7/12/2010"}, {"content": "Love it! Okay you just walked into Porto's because you saw it's fabulous reviews on Yelp! What do you do now?! You have come to the right place my friend! Here are 10 easy steps to Porto's.Step 1: Walk straight ahead to the coffee bar and grab a menu from the shelf.Step 2: Turn left and get in line. (But the line is SOOO long! Are you sure Karey R.?) Step 3: Yes, I'm sureStep 4: Scan the menu quickly because the line moves quickly and you need to choose because it will be your turn before you know it.Step 4: Order 2 potato balls per person and one smoothie per person. Don't be a DB and say you will \"Have some of yours\" Because they are awesome and you will drink all of theirs. Step 5: Order you sandwiches or salads or empanadas (I suggest the chicken) Step 6: If someone hasn't already grabbed a table you are screwedStep 7: Set your stuff down and have someone else grab the smoothies from the coffee bar....WHY? you ask? Because if you go, they will eat all of the potato balls! Step 8: Enjoy the yummieness .Step 9: Get in line for the bakery to the right of the entrance. Have everyone go pick out their favorites because \"Just get me what looks good\" won't cut it, IT ALL LOOKS GOOD!Step 10: Write to Karey R. and tell her what you tried and how it was =) I like me a happy yelpper =)", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Karey R.", "time": "3/20/2010"}, {"content": "Cheese Rolls!!! Cheese Rolls, Potato Balls, and everything else are killer. Amazing prices on everything, their cakes are beautiful and impressive and bargain prices. Sandwiches are a treat and budget friendly, the Pan Con Bisteak is my go to choice, with the Turkey Croissant as my other standard, and their Cuban sandwich is outstanding too! \u00a0Still, in a sea of amazing food, the Cheese Rolls are the best of the best. I have gotten several people hooked on them, have had total strangers come up to me with delight at the sight of a bag of Porto's goodies, and they just are happiness in a pastry!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Julie M.", "time": "1/27/2011"}, {"content": "I always make it a point to stop by Porto's whenever i'm in or traveling through L.A.The guava cheese strudel is DEFINITELY HANDS DOWN where it's at. If you could only buy one thing, make the guava cheese strudel that one thing!Service is pretty good for the huge amounts of traffic that frequent these establishments.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Edsel D.", "time": "7/20/2011"}, {"content": "From the second I pulled into the convenient open parking lot I was happy that there was no meter standing in between me and my food.I walked in to find a moderate line of about 10 people that moved extremely quickly and large menu full of delicious meal options (many of which were vegetarian and vegan friendly).Prices are extremely good for the quality and quantity of food you receive, and everything is made fresh daily, so no worries about ever ordering something bad.They have so many options I try to get something new every time, but always have my favorite guava smoothie or pastry on the side. THE PASTRIES ARE TO DIE FOR!!!!!!Seating is also very easy, as there are plenty of tables and locations as well as take out for cafe and bakery items. Service is extremely speedy and the employees are both helpful and friendly.This is a definitie must if you live in LA!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Chester L.", "time": "9/17/2011"}, {"content": "I've been hitting the jackpot lately with my eats. Lots of 4 & 5 star establishments. Believe the hype because Portos is THAT good and so much more. \u00a0Famous Cheese Roll -- light and flaky with just the right amount of cheese flavor. No wonder they are so popular.Guava & Cheese Strudel -- amazing flakiness with a heavier taste in the cream cheese department. The fresh taste of guava jam really sets this one apart. Loved it!Porto Potato Balls -- think creamy mashed potato rolled up into a ball with delicious minced meat stuffed in the middle and then lightly fried. Delicious, but a bit on the heavy side. Mango Empanada -- I am normally use to savory empanadas, but this works. No heavy or greasy feeling like the savory counterparts. The mango jam is fresh tasting and not artificial or too sweet. Quessidilla -- a large sponge cake with cheese flavor infused from cream cheese. Dense. Banana Nut Muffin -- is it just me or is the muffin top always the best tasting part of a muffin? A sprinkled brown sugar baked on top. I like how the top part is crispier than the rest of the muffin. I just love banana flavor in general. Coffee -- Enjoying so much delicious pastries and desserts without good coffee is a sin. Luckily, even the regular brew at Portos is delicious. No sugar or creamer needed. Straight up good. The lines can get intimidating, but don't fret. They move pretty fast. They have their system down. The staff is very knowledgeable about their products and is more than happy to give you recommendations.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "ruby w.", "time": "1/24/2011"}, {"content": "Mmm Portos. Everyone probably already knows that their pastries are bomb, sandwiches are amazing especially with the fried plantains and garlic sauce, and the drinks are fresh.The only reason why I take a star out is that I ate pretty much everything on the menu more than twice and sorry to say but I easily got sick of some of the food :P", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Jay C.", "time": "5/25/2011"}, {"content": "I have only had the coffee here so farBut it was amazing!!+ great location+ large, bright, clean building with lots of seating available inside as well as small outdoor patio area! + courteous and helpful staff!+ and from the looks of it they have just about every baked good or pastry you could ever ask for... Seriously heaven. + beautiful presentation", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Newto B.", "time": "4/26/2013"}, {"content": "THIS PLACE IS THE BEST!!What to have--- everything and anything.What can be said that hasn't already been said.Their sandwiches are great( Cubano's/ Turkey or Ham Croissants are my fav)Then you have the wonderful stuffed breads( Potato Balls/Meat Pie's/ Chicken Empanadas/ Spinach and Cheese Crossiant)Their smoothies and hot drinks are amazing( Guave Smoothie is great)Thenn you have their amazzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzing desserts - Ducle de leche Kisses cookies - \u00a0Tre Leche Cake--- which is amazing- Pina Colada Mousse Cake and Tiruamisu \u00a0Mousse-- so goodCubano/ Medianoche- are the best sandwiches there.Ham and Egg Croissant -is the best breakfast choice . So good and I think it has cheese melted on it.Steak Sandwich- is my least favorite there. For me it wasn't as amazing as their Cubano or Medianoche .Spinach and Feta Croissant- amazing I have gone their soooo many times and never did i get something that i have not liked so far.They are always packed with people and this place is sooo well priced.They also have lovely employees and a great inside restaurant. Porto's is always a good choice.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Cecilia B.", "time": "4/26/2013"}, {"content": "I decided to try something quite different than what I'm familiar with when it comes to desserts. \u00a0What better way to challenge my sweet taste buds is at Porto's.So instead of the popular sweet treats I chose to bite into masareal, a guava-layered pastry, and mille-fleur (forgive me that I might spelled it wrong), which reminded me a bit of a banana creme pie. \u00a0Both were scrumptious; guava filling was so flavorful and the texture of the bananas in the mille-fleur was soft but not mushy. \u00a0And it doesn't hurt to pay $0.95 for the masareal in particular.All in all I'm very glad I tasted the other dessert items. \u00a0So in case you're wondering what other treats, both dessert and savory foods, I tried so far..Faves: Potato balls (duh), fruit tart, cheese rolls, masarealGood: Mille-fleur, Cuban sandwich, blueberry muffinAlright, but glad I tried it: red velvet cupcake (one of the best frostings, though), empanadas", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Fia R.", "time": "6/19/2010"}, {"content": "Best bakery on the planet. Need rolls? Need a fruit tart cake? Need a pastrami sandwich? They have you covered. Just hate the long lines and crazy parking to get to this spot, but the wait makes it all so worthwhile.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Chris S.", "time": "5/22/2011"}, {"content": "Wow, nearly 1,000 Yelp reviews for Porto's? \u00a0That's crazy. \u00a0It's not surprising though, because the food is worth the raves, and the prices are more than fair.First, let's start off with the baked goods: Two of the big sellers are the cheese rolls (basically cheese croissants) and the guava/cheese strudels at $0.65 each. \u00a0I guess most people like the light, creamy cheese melded together with the tart/sweet hit of the guava jam, but I prefer the plain guava strudels: No cheese, just a big hit of \u00a0guava jam goodness. \u00a0The tartness of the jam cuts through the oil in the pastry and it's a perfect match. \u00a0Get a half-dozen for $3.90. \u00a0(Make sure you get the guava strudels, which are flat and flaky, and not the guava rolls, which are crescent-shaped and way too starchy/rich/doughy.)Some of my other favorites at about $1 each are the almond danishes and the pain au chocolat, and the butter croissants are great to take home and make some decadent sandwiches with.And speaking of sandwiches, Porto's sandwiches are a home run! \u00a0Much of what makes a sandwich great is the bread, and since Porto's is using their own stuff it's hard to go wrong. \u00a0I like their tuna salad served on a croissant ($4.25): The tuna salad is neither too soggy nor too dry, nor is it overloaded with mayo, and it's made with enough vegetables in it to give it good texture and flavor. \u00a0The sandwiches are served with a small handful of plantain chips if you eat at Porto's, and while they are mostly quite good you'll often get a few pieces that are too greasy or taste dried out/stale. The Porto's veggie sandwich is quite good as well, but it's a little more expensive at $5.95 (still a great deal).Stand in the right-hand line to get your baked goods, and when you are at the register go ahead and order your sandwiches (or other meal items) to add to your total. \u00a0If you want to skip the baked goods and just grab a meal, stand in the left-hand line and try not think about all the lovely goodies on the right that you are missing out on. \u00a0Grab some of Porto's fresh-squeezed orange juice with your sandwich and you have a nice, generously portioned lunch.The fact that on one visit my mom got a small piece of tin foil in her sandwich and that communication lines with the staff often get crossed when they're busy (which is most of the time--I've been given guava rolls instead of guava strudels on more than one occasion) are the only reasons Porto's does not get five stars. \u00a0Otherwise this place is an absolute winner; I tell anyone I know who has a layover in Burbank or who gets to the airport an hour or two early to make sure to take a short detour and stop by Porto's.P.S. For just under $25, my last haul from Porto's was: Two tuna salad sandwiches on croissants, half a dozen cheese rolls, half a dozen guava strudels, two almond danishes, three butter croissants, and a multigrain loaf. \u00a0Awesome!", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "James L.", "time": "5/8/2010"}, {"content": "Okay. \u00a0So there are 883 reviews before me... and Porto's is at a solid four and a half stars. \u00a0That's all you would really need to know to see how great this place is without reading the rest of this review! \u00a0=)I've heard so many great things about this bakery but have never been in the area. \u00a0This day I just so happened to be a couple of miles away so why not?! \u00a0I picked up some of their coveted potato balls, hot ham & cheese croissants, a chocolate raspberry roulade, a lemon cake, and a tres leche. Everything was as delicious as everyone says they are. \u00a0When my friends were talking about their potato balls, this whole time I thought it was just potato... but no... there's a wonderful meat filling in the middle of the creamy potato orb encased in a crunchy outside. \u00a0The warm ham & swiss cheese were already nestled inside the flaky, buttery croissants. \u00a0Desserts were delish!One thing that was my fault... I was so overwhelmed that I totally forgot to order their cheese rolls... and I LOVE cheese rolls! \u00a0Oh well. \u00a0Time to plan another trip out there!", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Rae D.", "time": "3/24/2010"}, {"content": "I've usually only had their pastries and desserts here. Today I ordered lunch to go, while I picked up some pastries. I got the Glendale Veggie sandwich and the Grilled Chicken sandwich for my boyfriend. The Veg sammich was SO GOOD. Grilled eggplant, zucchini, sun dried tomatoes.. and HUMMUS.. on a wheat roll. It was effing good. Yes, it deserves curse words. I had a bite of the grilled chix sandwich, it was okay. It had a delicious dijon mustard on it.. and chix was tender. I really want to go back and have the veg sandwich again...I haven't had their potato balls, but everyone tells me that it's the best thing they make. Currently on a diet.. so many I'll try this later. Also, I've heard that the mango mousse cake is amazing.At this very minute, I give this place one star because I've been on a really good diet, and have been eating very healthy and exercising consistently. Today, I pick up pastries and desserts for a coworkers birthday, and I can usually resist desserts. But I had two.. TWO Cheese and Guava pastries. I hate you Portos. Bastards...", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Shulie L.", "time": "4/30/2010"}, {"content": "One of the best bakeries I have ever been to! It's one of those places that I just keep finding myself attracted to whenever I am in Burbank.Wait Time: When you arrive, the lines can seem very intimidating. Fear not. The lines move fast, and there is always a friendly server waiting for you at the end.Food: DELICIOUS! The sweets and savory goods are all fantastic! They are most well known for their potato balls, guava rolls, and cheese rolls. If you are a first time visitor, I would recommend for you to get this famous trio.I would also recommend getting the Quesadilla. It is not a Quesadilla in the familiar sense like a flour/corn tortilla stuffed with cheese and whatnot. It is actually a cake similar to a thick, moist butter cake. Another recommendation would be the raspberry kisses. These are an absolute delight! So buttery on the outside and just the right amount of sweetness in the center!If you are suffering from the heat, the mango smoothie is just the thing to quench your thirst! Not to mention they give you free whipped cream if you want it! :DPrice: Very good. All money spent is well worth it at this place.I recommend this place highly for all of those who don't mind loosening their belt buckles a bit. It is addictive. ;)", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "D T.", "time": "4/21/2013"}, {"content": "two words: CHEESE ROLL thinking about this place makes me salivate!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Lee L.", "time": "10/5/2013"}, {"content": "The cheese rolls are so delicious. \u00a0I also enjoy the guava and cheese. \u00a0The sandwiches are also my favorites, either the steak torta or the bistec. \u00a0The tres leches is nothing special. \u00a0I love the efficiency of this place, it goes pretty fast. \u00a0I prefer going to this one because the one is glendale is usually crazy and you have to pay for parking there. \u00a0Here the parking is free. \u00a0I place is really like a 4.5.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Sheila K.", "time": "12/1/2010"}, {"content": "The place is the best that money can buy. Many different types of deserts, sandwiches, coffee, and juices that can satisfy everyones craving. Food such as the empanadas and potato balls are the best.One minor setback are the lines, but they are constantly moving. My recommendation is to get there early, early, and early.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Mike R.", "time": "2/7/2011"}, {"content": "Dear holy, warm and delicious potato balls filled with ground meat and other goodness, you are an unexpected and delectable surprise!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Katheryn A.", "time": "2/6/2011"}]