[{"content": "Porto's is easily one of the best places to eat in LA. It's friendly staff are amazing the food DELICIOUS, and the price outstanding.The line is usually long but don't let that sway you.. it moves at lightning speed. The desserts alone are worth going there for but I will name my favorites:The Feta Sandwich- perfect.The Soups are wonderful. I love the Tortilla.ALL of the little tasty apps like meat pies, potato balls, empanadas etc.. These are perfect for parties and totally affordable.ALL the desserts!The bread is outstanding!!Do yourself a favor. Go immediately to Portos. You won't be sorry.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "B. F.", "time": "12/9/2010"}, {"content": "Food: 5 Stars.Value: 5 Stars.Patrons: 3 Stars. Employees: 2 Stars (4 stars if it wasn't for one gentleman, in particular: See below) Leave your lazy Sunday at home, 'cause it was 10:30 and this place was jumpin,' jumpin' (remember Destiny's Child?). Aaaannnyyyywwwwhhhooo, for some reason the interior of this establishment reminded me of a train station, as people of various cultures, backgrounds, etc. stared at a large menu board which circled the upper portion of a wall, maneuvered their purchases past a obstacle course of bodies, and elbowed past one another in a rush to place their number placard on open tables. I came with my girlfriend for a lil brunch. We both had medium mocas (in fact, I'm still sipping mine as I pen this review), chorizo sandwichs on Cuban bread, and chocolate croissants; all of which were absolutely superb.The employees must have perfected the art of functioning amid chaos. Though the line was pretty sizable, we were able to order quickly, get our drinks relatively quickly (though it seems as if the older you are, the faster you receive your beverage, regardless of when it was ordered), and served quickly. The only gripe I have about the business, itself, was the fact that this weird little worker occasionally came to the table to perform maintenance. When he first arrived, I thought he wanted me to move due to the fact that he repeatedly tugged on my chair without explanation. When I realized he simply wanted to sweep beneath my seat, I attempted to make adjustments, to no avail. Though there were only a few crumbs underneath, the man virtually became a member of our party as he stayed for, what seemed like, a good twenty seconds. Later, the man returned only to place his hand on my plate, and begin to remove it, all while muttering something along the lines of, \"Are you done with this?\" I had just taken my last bite, so he actually did me a favor by removing the rubbish, but, sheesh, let a man enjoy his meal! However, ultimately, a restaurant is judged according to its food. In that regard, Porto not only scores, but demolishes opponents via a combination of value and quality. \u00a0By the way, if you are planning on coming on a Sunday morning I would advise buying/wearing a velvet track suit, because, it seems as if Portos customers are, single handily, using the business as the base of operations in their attempts to revive this mid-late 90's fashion trend. Just sayin'!", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Chris C.", "time": "12/5/2010"}, {"content": "This place is one of the few things I miss about commuting to Burbank. \u00a0Maybe that's a good thing....or I'd be there every week. \u00a0I love, love, LOVE the Cheese Rolls. \u00a0Now, on my first (and sadly, only) visit, the line was super long and the place was chaotic. \u00a0Since I had stopped by on my way to work, this freaked me out a bit because I was afraid I was going to be late. \u00a0But that line went by super fast and what seemed like crazy chaos was actually very organized.Hmm...I have a vacation coming up, maybe I can convince the husband to drive to Burbank for some cheese roll fix...and try those potato things people are talking about.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "G C.", "time": "3/25/2011"}, {"content": "Ok first I will say parking here sucks. Find street parking and make sure it's not on a permit parking street. With that being said I love Portos. The cakes are so good and I'm not a cake person. The dinner plates are yummy, almost jus like eating the home cooked meals i got from my cuban neighbors. I love the Cuban sandwich and the chicken fajita sandwich. The potato balls of course we have to get some when we come here. All the pastries and breads are just to good. I will get a bag of Cuban crackers just to eat with my soups. When you do come here make sure you have a few mins to spare to stand in a long line. Worth the wait though.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Crystal B.", "time": "7/9/2013"}, {"content": "This place is sooooo good! I hate being on a diet because i can't indulge in their wonderful pastries on a regular basis.I personally love both the cheese rolls and potato balls. They are relatively inexpensive and well worth the wait.I have never had to wait more than maybe 15 minutes and the staff has always been extremely friendly. Also, I reccomend a strawberry-pina colada smoothie !", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Brian G.", "time": "9/9/2013"}, {"content": "As soon as you walk in you can smell each sweet dessert and it smells soo good! While the line looks long and intimidating it goes by really quick. It tends to be crowded but it's all worth the crowding. The desserts are to die for especially their fruit tarts and creme brulees. This is definitely my favorite place to get desserts!The food is amazing they even have these deep fried plantains which come with the sandwiches when you eat there and everything always tastes super fresh!This time around I had their triple chocolate mouse,Lemon cake, Creme brulee,creme horn,strawberry shortcake, and parisian cake.The triple chocolate mouse is heavenly! The flavors arent too sweet and has a wonderful cake-like bottom crust.The Creme Brulee is one of my favorite desserts here the sugar crust is perfectly made and the creme underneath is smooth and just absolute perfection of what a creme brulee should taste like! \u00a0It also comes with a small dollop of whipped creme a blackberry and a strawberry on top!The fruit tart, well let me just say go the extra mile and get the medium one, I believe its like $20 but the single serving size just wont cut it! The fruit is so fresh the creme is so light and the crust is too good to believe, youll definitely want more then one serving!as far as the creme \u00a0horns go..also a great choice has a wondferul bavarian creme filling a crunchy Carmel crust over the beautifully flaky pastry dough that combines it all together!As you can see everything is good here!! I have tried almost all their desserts you really cant go wrong and the prices for the single servings make this so inexpensive and worth the trip youll wish you lived there!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Hanika F.", "time": "1/24/2011"}, {"content": "Yes, the line is quite daunting but with potato ball sandwiches, cheese rolls, and cake, how can you resist?Everything that I have tried is absolutely delicious. I highly recommend the medianoche sandwich which is a pork/ham sandwich on a sweet roll. The best dessert option is the cheese roll (no argument there). And be sure to get a couple of potato balls and meat pies. You won't be sorry.Couple of tips: 1. Try to avoid the Glendale location. Their cheese rolls and potato balls are noticeably smaller than the Burbank location.2. Avoid the parking lot unless absolutely necessary. It's crowded and no one knows how to drive. Find street parking instead.3. Don't ever go during a holiday, ex. MLK day, Veterans day, etc.4. If you have a hankering for a cheese roll and the line is out the door, suck it up because it will definitely be worth the wait.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Chungah A.", "time": "1/23/2011"}, {"content": "Let me preface this by saying I was born in Miami-- in fact, I'm Cuban. I know Cuban food, I LOVE Cuban food.Everything that comes out of this place would make Grandma proud. Delicious, savory, and fresh-- from the Pastelitos de Carne (Meat Pies for all the Yankees out there) to the wide variety of sandwiches... everything is perfectly authentic AND well priced. It tastes like it was made on a boat while complaining about Castro. The Revoluci\u00f3n is here, and it's starting in your mouth.It's busy at all times day and night, but that just proves that Burbank locals recognize great food when they find it.My only complaint is that they don't have arroz con pollo, but I can't really hold that against them.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Tamara S.", "time": "10/26/2010"}, {"content": "Went for the 1st time today tried the meat pie and the potato balls sooooo freaking yummy", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Juan C.", "time": "3/27/2013"}, {"content": "The cheese rolls and potato balls are awesome. The sandwiches are ok, but nothing special.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Jose H.", "time": "5/11/2013"}, {"content": "Now for a contrary P.O.V.I once frequented this restaurant, once! (but I drive by it 3-5 times a week on my way to work. Give or take 4 years). Okay...Porto's is good if you're into:1. Sweet, greasy-good baked confections2. Eating cheap3. Lines out the door4. Fat peeps (cause I see a lot of biggum's patronizingg the place)Conclusion?Unless you have the metabolism of Gweneth Paltrow? I'd stay clear. Cause grease+cheap+long lines+fat peeps = Health problems", "rating": "1.0 star rating", "name": "Robert S.", "time": "9/24/2010"}, {"content": "Excellent bakery. It's always busy because it is so good. It can be chaotic and overwhelming especially for a first time visit, but it's well worth it. The sandwiches are fantastic and come served with plantain chips. Make sure you try a potato ball. Cakes are amazing as well. Parking can be frustrating at this place. I never try to park in the parking lot unless it is a slower time..I prefer parking down the street a ways.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "T B.", "time": "1/31/2012"}, {"content": "They have a special line for just picking up cakes. Don't get stuck in the long line!!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Nisa A.", "time": "3/25/2013"}, {"content": "I went here because a few of my friends recommended this place. This place is a \"must go\" if you are in the L.A. area. There's nothing like the quality and selection of pastries, cakes, sandwiches, even coffee!My favorite pastries (recommendations) here are: Cheese roll, guava cheese pastry, mango strudel, Strawberry and cheese croissant, Chocolate croissant, mango cheesecake, fruit tarts.I had the cuban sandwich which was also pretty good, with the fried banana chips. \u00a0Almost forgot, the Potato Balls were great too.The area was big for a bakery. You can get your fix with some cuban comfort foods here. It gets really crowded but the lines move fast because they have many workers behind the counter willing to service you. Someone referred to this place as \"dessert heaven\"...this is the closest I've seen by far.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Gary A.", "time": "7/8/2011"}, {"content": "This place is very lively and packed. My friends and I visited Porto's Bakery around 2:00 pm on Saturday and the place was packed, long lines and barely any seating. I ordered a medium strawberry smoothie, two (2x) potato balls, one (1x) ham croquette, two (2x) chicken croquettes. Strawberry Smoothie: The smoothie was made with real strawberries as they advertised. It tasted very sweet. I tasted some strawberry syrup as if not natural however i could may have been homemade strawberry syrup. Nevertheless a very sweet natural tasting smoothie for $3.39. Potato Ball: I here this is what they are known for. The potato ball is made of a dollop of of taco seasoned meat (as if you were to bite in a burrito supreme without the lettuce, beans, tortilla, and sour cream from taco bell). The dollop is surround by a layer of well seasoned mash potato and then a thin layer of i believe flour and then fried. This tasted very good and are some what similar as Japanese style croquettes but without panko crumbs on the outside. These potato balls are, if i remember correctly, $0.78 each. Ham Croquette: This was also very good. As i examined the croquette and I did not see any ham slices or any remnents of ham however when you eat it you can definitely taste it. My only guess is that the ham is very very finely diced and mixed in the mashed potato or ham juices are mixed into the mash potatoes. Once again the item is lighted floured and then fried. The outer shell is very crispy and has a slight crunch. These ham croquettes are, if i remember correctly, $0.78 each. Chicken Croquetted: These croquettes are some what oval shaped and are smaller than the previous items. Once again the main ingredient is mashed potatoes. I also did not find any chicken pieces however when you eat it, it some what tasted like a chicken pot pie however the texture is nothing but mashed potatoes. This was good but overall just \"OK\" the outside is not lightly floured but some kind of crumbs were around it and then fried. So this had a different outter skin then the others. If i remember correctly, the cost is $0.68 each.Overall: The place was a good bakery. Parking for us was difficult but worth it. This bakery provided very nice snack items, but they also do serve sandwiches too which I would like to some day go back and try. The place is very lively and pretty fair pricing. The items are all very good tasting and end up being very good snacks.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Gregory L.", "time": "11/28/2010"}, {"content": "Best food! Everyone knows how great the food, pastries, \u00a0frinks and coffee are..i believe their food is what's in heaven to eat without ever getting fat! But I really have to give it to the. employees! These peeps are freaks of nature with their memorization skills, patience and ability to work in such a fast pace and loud environment! \u00a0Kuddos to each and everyone of them!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Laura B.", "time": "3/24/2013"}, {"content": "Two words: Cheese RollsNuff said.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Teresa R.", "time": "9/24/2010"}, {"content": "I still need to visit this place that my friend raves about! \u00a0She bought a bunch of the tasty meat pies and the potato balls for our Oscars party. \u00a0Definitely a good choice for finger food. \u00a0The meat pies reminded me of Vietnamese meat pastries, except sweeter. \u00a0I want to duplicate their recipe just for fun :).I looked at their website and say the cakes there. \u00a0I am excited to try a slice if I ever get the chance.", "rating": "3.0 star rating", "name": "Anne N.", "time": "2/26/2009"}, {"content": "My review is probably unnecessary because I have nothing new and novel to say, but I just need to add myself to the list of fans who rave about the potato balls and cheese rolls. Hot damn, the potato balls are perfect pockets of mashed potato and spicy meat, breaded and fried, and at less than a buck a piece you'd be a fool to walk away with less than half a dozen. The cheese roll is flaky and filled with sweet cream cheese and you almost don't even feel guilty because it's so delicious. Don't come here expecting to be in and out, there is definitely always a line. Consider it a blessing in disguise as it gives you more time to peruse their massive selection of baked goods. Fantasize about those potato balls. Drool a little. You'll be at the front of the line ordering all the potato balls and cheese rolls before you know it. And save some for me.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Lisa N.", "time": "3/2/2013"}, {"content": "My recommendation: \"Cheese Rolls\" and \"Potatoe Balls\"When I first arrived, I saw the huge lines that reached almost out the door which almost made me want to just leave, but I stuck around. I am absolutely glad I did because there was virtually no wait despite the long lines. I got to the cashier and asked about the Cheese rolls (which I heard were pretty good) and instead of giving me his opinion, he handed me an entire roll as a sample. It was amazing. I ordered 2 on the spot. Another snacklike item I enjoyed while I was there was the Potatoe balls. Soooo good. It's like latin flavored ground beef with some vegetables wrapped around mashed potatoes and held together in a ball shape with some type of deep fried batter. As the main dish, I ordered the Turkey Croissant and my buddy ordered the Pan Con Bistec. I honestly liked my friend's sandwhich better lol The turkey was ok though. I wasn't impressed at first, but it started tasing better with time. Each main meal is served with some sort of banana chips. I wasn't a huge fan, but they tasted better than any other banana chip I've had prior. For dessert, I had the Oreo Cheesecake. It was good, but hard to finish by myself due to how rich it was. Overall, it was a great experience. Great food, clean environment and an outstanding staff.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "T'nisYah W.", "time": "7/6/2011"}]