[{"content": "The lines move, you'll find a parking spot if you're patient, and the food is worth whatever wait you have. \u00a0Good food, reasonable prices, great baked goods. \u00a0Hard to beat; I just wish the frequent rumors of a Porto's coming to the South Bay would come true already.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Perry S.", "time": "3/29/2016"}, {"content": "First time here and the Cubanos are really really good! Very cheesy and just the right amount of meat! I will definitely be back!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Jasmine F.", "time": "3/29/2016"}, {"content": "Cheese rolls and potato balls are my go-to items. The steak plate with black beans and rice is yummy. Try a Mamay milkshake. Love them!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Shantal L.", "time": "2/26/2016"}, {"content": "Love me some Porto's. From there cakes to there pastries, to there Crockets to the Sandwiches. Its all good here. I've tried there:TiramisuCrocketsLemon mouse cakecheckersOperaCheese rollscheese cakeflanrum cakesThe lines are a little long depending on the time of day you walk in there but it moves pretty quick and you in and out within 40 minutes.I've been to the Glendale and Now the Burbank location, There opening a new Location in Valencia off of Mc Bean and Magic Mtn pkwy. Where the Elephant bar use to be. Can't wait for that one to open.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Shawn S.", "time": "8/25/2014"}, {"content": "My favorite place on earth! \u00a0Like Disneyland to us :). I recommend trying ALL the sandwiches !! nice service too.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Jade R.", "time": "2/26/2015"}, {"content": "Been twice for brunch, busy place and hard to find seating for dine in but awesome food", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "James K.", "time": "8/28/2015"}, {"content": "The last time we went to Porto's, Da Wifey went cray cray and decided to use our SUV as a delivery truck.It was our last day in La La Land so she suddenly got the urge to order almost everything on the menu and tried to fit everything in the back of our SUV. Once we got home, we managed to fit everything inside our fridge, but we had to make some withdrawals along the way.I didn't mind since they were all tasty bits of goodness in all their glory. I probably left crumbles of flakes all over the car since it's not easy eating them inside a moving vehicle. I should put a disclaimer not to attempt this maneuver yourself and we consider ourselves lucky to make it back home in one piece. Let me also say that for a place so packed and so busy, they do manage to churn the line moving at a pretty brisk pace without losing any quality in terms of service. I mean the lines are long, but it's run like a well-oiled machine. They really know what their doing....and they're good at it.I also managed to have a great conversation with a native San Franciscan regarding the Giants since I was wearing my lucky Giants cap and my PINOY shirt designed as the Giants logo. Oh, and this was before they won the World Series. Now every time we are in La La Land, we make sure to make a pit-stop before heading back home. I'll make sure to check-in so I can let my friends and family know in case they want to place their orders. BUT I'll be charging you for gas and delivery fees.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "John G.", "time": "3/29/2012"}, {"content": "Their pastries are good. \u00a0We used to stop by here for cheeserolls every time we went to so. cal. \u00a0We ate so much that we eventually got sick of it, so we cut back on our visits. \u00a0We used to order boxes and boxes of cheeserolls to bring back to nor cal. \u00a0So if you need a large order, call ahead.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Mai T.", "time": "7/8/2015"}, {"content": "I love this place! Great food, drinks and staff! So many options and their prices are reasonable. Go see Perla, she is so sweet, she makes the entire experience of chosing their wide selection of pastries pleasurable! \u00a0The lines do get long but it's worth the wait. *Try their Chicken Croquettes, \u00a0obviously their famous Potato Ball, Cheese Rolls, Iced Coffee \"Portos Style\", Cuban sandwich (it's enough to share, and it's less than $5) ... okay just try everything! \u00a0And don't forget to say hello to Perla! :)Happeeeeeeee Eating!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Michelle E.", "time": "10/8/2014"}, {"content": "Only go if you have a lot of time they're super busy most of the day and orders are often looked over or past by I just stood here for 45 minutes for a turkey sandwich.", "rating": "1.0 star rating", "name": "Danny W.", "time": "3/28/2016"}, {"content": "Wow, I knew Porto's was popular, but I didn't know it was up to this magnitude. I stumbled upon Porto's because I was in the area and was looking for a quick bite to eat. Once Porto's came up on my search, I knew I had to go there. I've never set foot in any location before, and I've only gotten tastes of their famous pastries from other people's take-home boxes so I was excited to experience it for the first time.My first initial perception of the bakery was that it reminded me a lot like The Cheesecake Factory. The decor of the place was similar and the amount of people in it too. It was like a mad house in there with two long lines of people waiting to order. Thankfully there was a worker who greets you when you walk in and she instructed me on how to order pastries and sandwiches. She told us to get in the line for the pastries and ask for a sample of the cheese roll and potato ball. The line went by pretty fast, but since I was popping my Porto's cherry for the first time, I wasn't really sure what to do once I got to the front. They were obviously busy, and I didn't want to dilly dally and make the lady who was getting my pastries tell me what's good and what's in everything, etc. I asked for a sample of the cheese roll which was quite delicious, but decided on a few guava rolls and other random pastries. I also got 4 potato balls since I know a lot of people have been raving about them. When we got to the register to pay, I also ordered a Cuban Sandwich and a Hot Pastrami Sandwich which we picked up on the other side a few minutes later.While we waited for our sandwiches, I couldn't wait any longer to get a taste of these potato balls. I took my first bite and it was so delightfully soft with a crunchy outer shell. It's pretty much a fried mashed potato ball with a beefy interior. Sounds strange, but it's really good. I think I ate 3 of them before my sandwiches were finished. Everything I ordered was pretty good. From the sandwiches to the pastries, Porto's has got it on point. Absolutely delicious and worth the short wait!", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Nida K.", "time": "4/24/2012"}, {"content": "If you need a high quality cake or pastry that tastes amazing and isn't overly sugared this is the place to go!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Ray S.", "time": "2/25/2016"}, {"content": "I have enjoyed Porto's for years--originally in Glendale (where the incredible lines made it an occasional event), then the Burbank location (I seem to be in that neighborhood more often so drop in quite often despite the nightmare parking), and hurray when they came to the burger wasteland called Downey (but getting better) where I work! I agree with some of the reviews that state that the place can be overwhelming (it is best when they have a greeter to help guide folks--but that seems to be an occasional luxury), and that the food and service can be inconsistent. I suppose that is what can happen when there is growth.So why three stars? All in all I really do like Porto's, their lovely bakery, and such... but something occurred to me at my last visit when I had no less than FOUR hard PLASTIC containers for my to-go order of a drink, a sandwich, one potato ball, and a dessert to take home in a plastic bag no less! There are some paper cake boxes and they should be able to size these down and figure out a waxed paper liner if oil stains are the issue. (Note there are examples of both in the photo gallery.)A restaurant that has enjoyed this sort of success should suck up a few cents per order and offer recycled or degradable packaging and utensils AND encourage patrons to place items for further recycling. This is essential for responsible business owners. \u00a0If I am in an establishment that serves using styrofoam, I will mentionthat I would love to see them using more environmentally friendly packaging, even if I have to pay a few cents more. I am aware of owners making welcome changes because of this sort of customer feedback. So I am now challenging Porto's to do the same! I will be posting this fair to midlin review for each location and will report back with additional or fewer stars depending on the outcome. I am committed to my boycott of one until they become more responsible to the planet. Anyone willing to join me?", "rating": "3.0 star rating", "name": "Julie D.", "time": "8/18/2014"}, {"content": "Omg!!! This place is amazing their food is always fresh and delicious the pastries and sweets are fit for a king every time I go in there it's a wonderful experience the Cuban bread is amazing the mojito ice tea is fantastic if you're ever in Burbank in need a good place to eat come in now keep in mind that the lines are long but that's just to show how good this place really is or if you need a good cup of coffee and some pastries this is your spot I can't rave about this place anymore it is amazing wonderful I love it I'm addicted the only problem is is that the lines are a little bit too long when you're in a rush around lunch time but that's because everybody loves this place it is truly a gem it's a once a week must have to go place try the cheese rolls they're sweet flaky buttery and delicious the ham croquettes are unbelievable two thumbs up a plus all the way!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "A L.", "time": "8/11/2015"}, {"content": "Some friends and I made a pit stop here to grab boxes to go to take back home to the Bay Area. This place is ALWAYS packed! But surprisingly the line moves really quick. No matter how busy it is, the sales associate is always friendly and more than willing to make suggestions of which ones are their favorites or which is more popular. Prices are fairly decent here too. Most of the items I saw were a little under a dollar for one. All I know is that, whenever I go down to LA area, I can guarantee at least one request for Porto's. Happy customers from the Bay to LA!", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Marissa C.", "time": "6/9/2015"}, {"content": "Sooooooooo GOOD. My favorite, authentic AF everything taste amazing, so many original ideas/recipes! By far my favorite place in La!!!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Jorge B.", "time": "3/10/2016"}, {"content": "One of the best places for all your pastries needs! Potato balls...YUM! \u00a0Sandwhiches are great, I just wish they had wheat bread for the breakfast sandwiches. One of the biggest issues with this place are the long lines but its worth the wait. Parking can be Izakayam Japanese cuisine!!  too!", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Frankee F.", "time": "11/5/2013"}, {"content": "Love it! Everything is amazing. The cakes are delicious. The parisian is my favorite. It's all chocolate, so if you are a chocolate lover... you must try it! The potato ball is so good. Never had anything like it anywhere else. The croquettes and empanadas are delicious too!! The only negative thing I have to say is that it's always so packed so there is always a long wait. \u00a0But other than that... I love porto's!", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Abby M.", "time": "9/25/2015"}, {"content": "Porto's is in the San Fernando Valley, Burbank, where there are more sound studios and stages on corners than CVS and Walgreen's drug dispensaries. \u00a0Where a professional populace originating from every corner of the world mingles, works and lives.Dave ordered. \u00a0He made sure we got potato balls, chicken empanadas, and cheese rolls. \u00a0I ordered, we split, a Cubano sandwich, since this is a Cuban cafe. \u00a0I tried a pina colada smoothie, and ultimately, coffee to accompany my cheese roll. \u00a0Oh Arizona, my beloved adopted state, I understand the mind set making legislators want to lock their world into a tidy pale, English-only enclave. \u00a0I understand the \"last frontier\" mentality, and how we could all arm ourselves for hobby, education, and self protection, hunkering down for The Last Stand. \u00a0You want to open a smoothie bar attracting hordes of people like me? \u00a0Probably not. \u00a0But if you do, Porto's can take you to school on smoothies. \u00a0Easy on the palate, sugar NOT the second ingredient after water. \u00a0Truly smooth. \u00a0 The best smoothie of my life. \u00a0The drinks at Porto's are served from a separate drink bar. \u00a0If you neglect to order a drink item with your food, the food line register on the right adapts to pay for errant drink orders.Alaska's really the Last Frontier. \u00a0Compared to when Seward bought it, it's getting kind of beat up, rode hard and put away wet. \u00a0I suspect that Last Stand is mostly on \"The Alamo\" movie, and The Duke's been dead since 1979. \u00a0And all those wide open Western spaces we ride our wheels through are pretty much sold off. \u00a0Subdivision will continue until vision improves.The empanada was good, but like Dave said, \"I could make a meal of the potato balls\" \u00a0I will not waste energy trying to figure out how perfectly round and brown balls of mashed potatoes get filled with perfect bites of deliciously seasoned meat mixture. \u00a0Delightful. \u00a0Porto's also makes a sandwich of them for the carbo unconscious. \u00a0 Arizona's got 21 Native American Tribes, all speaking at least fragments of their own languages. \u00a0Before the Gadsden Purchase some spoke Spanish, and even some English. \u00a0Arizona's now also loaded with scores of people, cultures and languages from across our planet. \u00a0I find the generations born in this nation great English speakers, translating for their parents and grandparents. \u00a0My most recent touching intercultural non-English moment happened when a Southeast Asian woman tending the community garden in a local elementary school teared up and made me bend waaay down for a sweet little sisterly hug when I stopped early one Saturday morning to look at her garden labors and ask what Okra, lemon grass etc. were called in her language.The Cubano, ham and pork on a medium sized, well browned soft white torta, spread with Porto's secret sauce was very good. \u00a0Dave pointed out the the condiment, napkin and plasticware station where I could get some French's or Heinz mustard and ketchup packets, but I was satisfied. \u00a0 \u00a0 I understand the Legislative view AZ, and sympathize. \u00a0But don't necessarily agree. \u00a0My survivalist days are decades past, my fears abated, my lovely guns and ammo sold long ago to make a \u00a0mortgage, my circle of friends pretty diverse, my knowledge of their lives and lifestyles more realistic. \u00a0Not agreeing is part of the glory of our American Freedom of Speech. \u00a0The cheese rolls require at least a saucer for catching sugar crystals and the pieces of \u00a0flaky crust forming the body of these crunchy Caribbean cheese Danish. \u00a0Tables catch crumbs well, but I've been eating these items brought to family elder \"visiting circles\" with nothing more than a napkin for crumb protection, which is OK at best. \u00a0I don't like crumbs in my clothes. \u00a0The coffee, which can be taken home in half gallon totes, was my perfect meal finish with the crunchy, flaky, sweet cream-cheesy roll. \u00a0I'll add here Porto's has fresh squeezed OJ. \u00a0Watch the OJ flow from the self-feeding transparent squeezing rig. \u00a0It's also available in totes. \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 But my adopted Arizona, if you could come to Porto's bakery and restaurant for a meal you'd see what AZ may be missing. \u00a0The off-shore menu, a pastries and baked goods case bursting with the sweetness of the Western Hemisphere, a sun-lit super clean dining space large and airy enough to contain the world, beautifully decorated with art, full of the energy of diversity, intelligence, tolerance and talent. \u00a0Some days my adopted Arizona, you hurt my heart. \u00a0 I know. \u00a0If I don't like it I can get out.If you or a family member have been injured, or you've lost a family member due to senseless racial and cultural violence, I extend my heartfelt sympathies and condolences.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Chris E.", "time": "4/24/2012"}, {"content": "Love this place!! So many selections. I always get rellenitos when I come, they're amazing! They're plantains stuffed with black beans. I've also gotten a loaf of Cuban bread, so good! Crispy outside, soft inside, just like I like it. I've tried a few pastries, all were fresh and good, my aunts fav is the guava. The Porto's salad is good, the mango vinaigrette makes the salad. The black beans were a little too am dente for my taste, but that's the only down side. The tuna melt was really good too, the red pepper was cooked amazingly, and they stuffed the sandwich, meat was falling out of the bread. I'm happy and stuffed.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "T K.", "time": "9/17/2014"}]