[{"content": "Okay, okay, I finally tried this place. I had been hearing all the hype and didn't think it would live up to it, but you know what? It did! I love Porto's! Probably more than I want to cuz I'm trying to lose some body fat right now. The place does get ridiculously busy but I have to say that they've got handling the crowds down to an art. From when you first drive in, there is a parking attendant on hand that makes everything flow smoothly. In the restaurant they've got crowd control and the line is continuously moving. I don't live to close to Porto's so when I do go I always end up with a bunch of boxes full of goodies. My favorites are the cheese rolls, cheese/guava rolls, and potato balls. You can't go wrong with anything you get, though. Their sandwiches are good too. The prices make me happy as well. Very inexpensive! I hope it stays that way!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Marian L.", "time": "6/5/2013"}, {"content": "My family's go to spot for delicious special event cakes. Pre-ordering is key for efficient service and avoiding the hella long lines.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Caroline L.", "time": "7/19/2015"}, {"content": "Gets very busy at lunch, but they've worked out a system. Pick your line, get your number, wait for the next open table. It's my default lunch when I head out to the Burbank area and bring all my friends. \u00a0Several great vegetarian options and haven't had a bad thing yet. Sandwiches are fresh, flavorful and filling. Pastries and desserts are incredible.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Kelsey R.", "time": "10/8/2013"}, {"content": "EXTREMELY CROWDED (all the freaking time), but the lines move super fast and efficiently! This is a particularly awesome location because it's located on the way to the Burbank airport. So if you're traveling from out of town and you want to bring some Porto's back home--this is conveniently located!If you're a newbie to Porto's, the cheese rolls and potato balls are a must! I've tried several of their other pastries as well, and they have all been wonderful! My favorite is the feta and spinach pastry! They are also known for their meat pies, but I don't really like the spices. They also have a plethora of desserts, including cakes, but it's been awhile since I've last eaten a cake from here so I can't really remember. I've also had their Cuban sandwiches, which are fresh and nice and meaty. They go great with Tapatio too!The staff has always been polite and pleasant. Everything here is also very inexpensive too, so you really can't go wrong!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Lien T.", "time": "6/1/2013"}, {"content": "Love their oatmeal and raisin cookies they're so soft and fresh! I wish I lived closer to them so I can go all the time!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Brenda G.", "time": "12/3/2014"}, {"content": "The best thing on their sandwich menu is the steak tortas. \u00a0You won't go wrong ordering it.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Sam C.", "time": "6/20/2015"}, {"content": "Oh! My mouth waters just thinking about the various pastries and desserts counters! \u00a0Had the midnight sandwich (Slices of slow roasted pork, ham, Swiss cheese, pickles, butter, and mustard and mayonnaise mix on a sweet roll), which was good, but not as good as \u00a0the Pan con lechon aka Roasted pork sandwich (Slow roasted pulled pork, grilled onions, and mojo (Cuban garlic sauce), on Cuban bread) which was exceptional! Their croissants are light and flavorful, and fruit tart as good as other places. Pina colada has good amount of real pineapples in it. \u00a0Can't wait to go back to try other items!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Maggie C.", "time": "10/7/2013"}, {"content": "Hurray for extended summer hours!Got here about thirty minutes before closing. The cafe line wasn't long at all, but I did see the pastry line snaking all over the place. Tons of people leaving with bags and bags of pastries.I wanted to try some sweets but I was here for dinner, so I got the steak torta and my companion got the Cuban sandwich. We both got potato balls, because that's what all you Yelpers are raving about.The potato balls were the definite stars here. Crunchy on the outside, creamy potatoes in the middle and minced meat and spices inside... we went back in line for more.My steak torta was also really good, with its juicy steak and french bread. The Cuban sandwich wasn't extraordinary taste-wise, but it's the price tag that makes it special. Plantain chips are also a nice touch. I prefer mine salty.Will definitely need to go back and brave the long pastry lines and fill a box with some goodies.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Soleil D.", "time": "6/20/2013"}, {"content": "Betty Porto and her staff are so kind & helpful, that it is a real pleasure for me to do business at their different locations. As the founder & CEO of a new start up NetworkerOnWheels.com I will continue to use their baked goods at my events. God Bless. Truly Jerry O'Brien", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Jerry O.", "time": "1/30/2015"}, {"content": "Hard to find something to say about this place that hasn't already been said. \u00a0i have ordered pastries and desserts here but yet have had the chance to order from the breakfast or lunch menus. \u00a0I have tried a wide array of items and not once have I been dissatisfied. \u00a0Only potential negative is the place is always crowded but when you have such a great product that is to be expected so I can't knock them for it.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Richard B.", "time": "11/8/2014"}, {"content": "I came here on a Monday morning around 7:30. I read the reviews of long lines and waits so I wanted to arrive at a good time. When I walked in I was pleasantly surprised at how nice it was inside. There were two lines, one for the cafe and one for the bakery. There were about 6 people waiting on the bakery side. I got in that line and waited to order some cupcakes. The prices were very reasonable! That was a shock. The cupcakes were good. They had a home-baked taste to them. I'd say not as good as Sprinkles but for less than half of the price, they were great. I will definitely be coming back to this bakery. I am looking forward to trying some of the cafe sandwiches. \u00a0I did not experience a long wait in line like most of the reviews on here but I think if you come on a good day and a good time it will be fine!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Nea B.", "time": "11/28/2014"}, {"content": "Seriously the best thing in Burbank. If you are anywhere in the area, you should definitely pay a visit to this oh-so-awesome bakery. The lines are LONG LONG LONG during the weekend, but it moves rather fast. Peruse the menu before you get to the front of the line, or else you'll get the stink eye from other guests for taking too damn long. MUST GET:- Potato Balls because they are amazeballs.- Chicken Croquette because they are delicious and will fill you up. At $0.90 a ball, how can you say no? - Cheese Pastry- Guava Cheese Pastry- Any yummy cakes or pastries that you see in the display windowGo to Porto's. Order what I listed.You're welcome.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Lynn C.", "time": "7/28/2013"}, {"content": "Great customer service tonight by the cashiers.very helpful \u00a0and fast accurate checkout and she knew her work well.I guess that makes you feel like waiting in a long line at portos is well worthed.Keep up the good work", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Linda G.", "time": "1/28/2015"}, {"content": "My goodness! \u00a0I'm in love with this place! \u00a0Mainly because it's the only place I can find my guava/cream cheese pastries. \u00a0I am definitely willing to overlook the lack of parking spots on Saturdays and Sundays, as well as the crazy lines, so be warned!PROS- Food is really affordable- Pastries and Cake are a sweet-tooth haven!CONS (specifically on weekends)- Parking is bad - Lines sometimes end outside of the store- If you dislike crowded areas you may not like this place", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Ana M.", "time": "11/27/2013"}, {"content": "For such a famous place the food honestly is no more than ok. The dough in pastries is good and fresh but very often fillings lack flavor. The sandwich that I got was kind of meh- torta de pollo- bland unseasoned chicken with too many grilled onions that overpowered everything. I had much better food at much less famous stores.Will not go out of my way to come here. My mother bakes much much tastier stuff at home.", "rating": "3.0 star rating", "name": "Merry Little Devil D.", "time": "12/20/2013"}, {"content": "Can someone please tell me which giant rock I've been hiding under???!The potato balls are stinkin amazingggggggggggggg. I was on duty. Duty to bring home potato balls and pastries for friends in the Bay Area. I absolutely hate standing in lines. I get claustrophobic rather quickly, and when you're all packed inside in close corners, I get super pissssssy. But going to Porto's is like seeing light at the end of the tunnel. You know the prize is worth it!I had a list to get a bajillion potato balls for friends. I had never ever tried potato balls before and just the pastries. We figured why not grab 12 potato balls for ourselves. Holy smokes! I swear we ate all 12 sitting in the parking lot and contemplated on going back inside to grab more. Thank god we didn't or I would be 300 lbs by now. DELICIOUS. go. And bring some back for me while at it. Please?", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Deanna G.", "time": "7/24/2013"}, {"content": "Line at 8am... you know they're doing something right!Cheese roll or Guava/Cheese roll? BOTH and a cubano...! Flaky, light, toasty and delicious. Just a few words to explain what Porto's has to offer.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Derrick H.", "time": "6/5/2013"}, {"content": "I think this bakery has something for everyone. Cuban sandwiches, salads, pastries, banana chips, coffee drinks and delicious desserts are all here. It's said to always be crowded and I believe it. Even though there were a lot of people inside, we were helped quickly.I tried one of their potato balls, fried mashed potato balls with delicious seasoned beef inside. I could see why Yelpers have raved about them. When I asked my friend about her favorites here, she mentioned the cheese roll and the guava pastry. They are both really tasty. The pastries are perfectly flaky with the right amount of sweetness. I especially liked the guava filling. It was so flavorful. The prices here are reasonable. Thanks to my friends for bringing me here and treating me. I can easily understand why Porto's has so many highly rated reviews and why I saw people exiting with big bags.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Evelyn T.", "time": "10/10/2011"}, {"content": "This place doesn't need one more review, but I'll give it anyway. Believe the hype: delicious and cheap and I wish I had one here in D.C. It may be the most delicious food you'll eat in LA. Worth a trip from anywhere to come eat some!Potato balls, red velvet cakes, the tamales, even their Cuban iced coffee- every single thing I put in my mouth made my inner fat kid jump over the moon. Therefore, I'm glad I don't live closer!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Brooke P.", "time": "7/23/2012"}, {"content": "Drove all the way here in traffic JUST to try their famous potato balls. Well worth it, I must say.I didn't expect the place to be so BIG. This location is HUGE with two separate sections: cafe and bakery. Trick: both sell sandwiches. So, I ordered the Pan con Lechon which is a slow roasted pork sandwich. It was good, but nothing EXTRAORDINARY. A little dry to be honest, but nonetheless tasty and worth the price ($5!!)And of course, before I left, I had to get a good bunch of their potato balls to go. My oh my - these things are delicious and SO filling. And they're only 0.90 per potato ball. Steal! (I didn't get to try their meat pies or guava/cheese pastries, which I've heard are delicious)Wonderful Cuban bakery! Don't be intimidated by the line - it goes by SUPER quick and there are plenty of servers who are friendly and knowledgeable (advised me to get the potato balls at room temperature if I'm not eating them right away since they'll break apart). Parking, however, is a DISASTER. My suggestion is to park on the side streets. The parking lot is just one big mess.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Steph S.", "time": "2/28/2012"}]