[{"content": "So my brother's ex-gf (we're such a weird family) took me here to get me to eat a cuban sandwich. The pulled pork was phenomenal, as well as their plantain chips. I also had the best chocolate cake I've ever had, and 2 cookies. Since then, I've been back a few times and even took my AB xBF with me when he was back to being my BF which now I feel kinda bad about it cus he didn't deserve it. I make a point to hit it up when I'm in LA. You should too.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Emily D.", "time": "12/21/2011"}, {"content": "Best bakery in the whole valley. \u00a0Exceptional cakes, pastries and savories. \u00a0The prices are so great for what you get. \u00a0Don't be afraid of the lines; they go really quickly. \u00a0I have yet to order anything that isn't fantastic!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Michelle K.", "time": "8/11/2015"}, {"content": "Potato balls, chicken croquettes, sandwiches, plantain crisps, salad, oh and amazing bakery. This place deserves your business. \u00a0It is well worth the wait, plus I would seriously drive from San Diego for my Porto's fix and maybe even stay the night to come back the next day. \u00a0I would love one closer to home. Pros - everythingCons- the lines, the drive, the parking, and when super busy, the order takers can get a bit impatient.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Ryan F.", "time": "1/6/2014"}, {"content": "Awesome joint for Cuban pastries. I always stop by and pick up a dozen pastelitos on my way to the airport on my business travels.A taste of Cuban in LA!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "A. T.", "time": "12/10/2013"}, {"content": "Does anybody have anything negative to say about this place?Simply a great bakery and even better place to grab a sandwich.I either order the Cubano or the Pastrami. It's funny but they have one of the best pastramis I have ever tasted. \u00a0On top of that it's quite lean and a lot better than most delis.The ropa vieja plate is also a tasty option. Yesterday I tried the guava smoothie and it was simply perfect.The pastries are to die for and I am not a dessert person. I recommend all of of them especially the rellenitos de frijol (fried plantano balls stuffed with beans)You can't go wrong with anything here. The long lines can seem intimidating but they flow a lot faster than you think. Anyways, it's worth the wait.................and most importantly the prices are great.....................Great value.....A steal for sure.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Latinfoodie G.", "time": "7/3/2013"}, {"content": "Hands down, no one can beat this place. \u00a0Pastries, coffee, atmosphere, service and PRICES are the best. \u00a0Prices range from .75-4.00 for the individual servings. \u00a0the napolean was amazing, btw. \u00a0Their cakes have the most beautiful presentation, and the taste to back it up. Warning: after the disneyland lines to get your desired sweets, your tastebuds may scream for more. \u00a0So order plenty, or wait in line again. \u00a0Note: The lines are long, but the wait is not too bad.ENJOY!!!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Victor H.", "time": "7/2/2013"}, {"content": "Long lines but it gives you an excuse to stock up on CHEESE ROLLS!!!! + relleno de papa !!!! Lol ..... Hi my name is Melissa and I am a fatty! Thank you for welcoming me to fatties anonymous ! I've fallen off the wagon and thanx to Portos I don't want to get back up!!!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Meli C.", "time": "7/10/2015"}, {"content": "I came here for lunch and ordered a cuban pork sandwich..it tasted like a carnitas sandwich minus all the grease/ fat... it was good...just bland (I like dipping sauces..it's the French in me!) The Chicken croquettes WERE DELICIOUS I took a box home full of them! YUM! The sweets were delicious as well! I loaded up on macaroons and some other coconut dessert... Croissants were delicious...It's a very busy place so staff is trying to move through the line at an effecient speed..Had an awesome guy help me when I went to buy my desserts, I think his name was David. Sweet kid. I appreciated his warm smile and very insightful recommendations! All in all my trip to Porto's was great! Seating can be hard to come by so the minute you get there, START SCOPING! I'll be back soon! =]", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Ashley B.", "time": "7/23/2012"}, {"content": "My wife and I don't eat animal products anymore but when we did, we came to Porto's all the time. The food is great, the prices are affordable, and the staff is friendly.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Michael J.", "time": "12/8/2014"}, {"content": "King Cake with no baby, really? They used all the babies for something in January so they didn't have any babies for the King Cakes. My co-worker brought it in and we are all accusing each other of getting it and not telling. Portos neglected to tell us there was no baby. WHAT IS A KING CAKE WITHOUT A BABY? I do have to admit, the cake was amazing. Very sweet. Having no baby kinda ruined the moment for us.I still love you Portos, but put the babies in next year.I gave them full stars cause tthe service is great and so are the pastries.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Lisa R.", "time": "3/4/2014"}, {"content": "First time at this location. Usually I go to the one in Downey. But this location is basically the same setup 2 lines, one does pastries and food. The other line just for pastries. The teeny tiny parking lot here really sucks. Its so tiny and people have trouble even backing out of their spots. Luckily I found a spot right when I got in. Basically went with the 3 basics. Cheese rolls, potato ball, meat pie. They were just as delicious as the other location. Wish I bought more cheese rolls to take to my hotel down the street. Was going to try to pick up some more in the morning the next day but I was running late and figured the line would be really long on a Sunday afternoon. Also I think this is the original location. Not sure on that entirely though.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Kenny L.", "time": "10/21/2013"}, {"content": "I could go on for days reviewing all the things I love about Porto's, but to sum up if you want tasty pastries, cakes, fried food and sandwiches...GO TO PORTOS.MUST TRYS:Blueberry Muffin (or your favorite muffin of choice...you will NEVER have had a muffin this fresh, moist and tasty)Cheese Rolls (what you would get if a cheese danish and a croissant had babies)Raspberry Kisses (sugar/shortbread cookies with a raspberry jam inside, shaped like a big Hershey's kiss..they also have a dulche de leche version...yummy)Flan (if you like flan, order their flan)Media Noche Sandwich (or go crazy and get the one with ham croquettes added inside...to die for...also if you order your sandwich for dining there you get amazing fried plantain chips)Ham Croquettes (my personal fried selection favorite, i prefer it over the potato balls...imagine a fried ball of mashed potatoes filled with small pieces of ham)There will always be a line, you will always have trouble deciding what to order but it will ALWAYS be amazing and worth it!!!!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Roxanne G.", "time": "8/29/2013"}, {"content": "Always quick service no matter how busy they are. Their potato balls are amazing the only reason I go to portos haha Their cakes are also very good and everything is very affortable and good quality", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Christy M.", "time": "12/5/2013"}, {"content": "This place is amazing !! Aside from the amazing smell of bread they have great cakes ,sandwiches and smoothies . They are all around good .... And there menu is quite extensive . So you have options for those picky eaters like me !! The only downfall from all this is that it's so awesome it's usually full . But a must try for those of you that haven't tired it", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Ali M.", "time": "7/7/2015"}, {"content": "I was wavering between a 4 and a 5, but decided to go for the 5 because I am in Brooklyn now and really miss this place! The only reason I would give it a 4 is because of the prices going up a bit over the past couple years, but I assume that that is due to the new(er) locations, and Porto's is totally still a great value for the awesome baked goods, sandwiches, and drinks that I buy there! I have been visiting all 3 locations for the past 8 years, but I like the desserts at this location the best. Lately, I have been ordering the chicken torta--I LOVE the cheese they put on it and the bean spread adds just the right amount of saltiness. I skip the plantain chips (just because they are pretty salty and I've eaten enough of them since coming here haha), and top off the sandwich with a potato ball or chicken salad if I am still hungry. When you see the sandwich, you will find it hard to believe that I could still be hungry after eating it, but this place is THAT good. Other dessert items I recommend:-Cheese rolls: I get them every time. Good for breakfast, dessert, or snack. :)-Strawberry shortcake-Cheesecake: New York or Oreo. I also get the Pumpkin sometimes when they have it-Pear/\"fresh fruit\" danish: this has gotten a little smaller over the years, but is still delicious! haha-Cherry apple danish: same as above-Fruit tart: with the graham cracker shell, not the chocolate one (personal preference)-Pineapple cake is good too, but a little sweet for my liking-Blueberry muffins are AWESOME-The lemon mousse here is pretty amazing too but, again, I have to be in the mood for something on the sweeter side. Drinks I recommend: -Chai latte: more flavorful/less watery than any I've tasted from Starbucks or Coffee Bean, and less expensive too!-Chai blended drink: the Chai flavor is not as strong, so if I'm craving chai I go for the hot drink-Blended vanilla: good stuff! I like it as much as a frapuccino, and it costs less. -Oreo smoothie: I used to get this all the time, but I think I wore it out. Not sure how I managed it, but I used to order this AND the oreo cheesecake together lol O.o", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Katherine R.", "time": "7/16/2012"}, {"content": "A Burbank must.The speed and efficiency of this place never ceases to amaze me. There is always a long line, but you are in and out within 20 minutes.Potato balls and cheese rolls are top. All their pastries are pretty good and really reasonable. I am a fan of the mango mousse.Sandwiches are standard.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Christina C.", "time": "12/29/2013"}, {"content": "just as crowded and tasty as the Glendale locationmedia noche buttered and pressed well. papa rellena-potato balls meaty, savorychorizo pie, guava pastry--all priced well and reliably delicious", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Rob C.", "time": "5/11/2014"}, {"content": "4.5 stars :D I ish a happy person right now RAWWRR!! And it was my first time at Porto's for a sit-in meal so YAY! (I'm deprived I know...) Reasons for happiness:1. there were parking spaces available in the lot behind the restaurant. My boyfriend and I came here for a late lunch (1:00pm) and it wasn't too hard finding a spot. 2. There wasn't a long line for ordering food = bonus. There was an even shorter line for a table indoors = WINNING! :D3. The food was decent and it didn't make me feel oily inside. aka- good healthier food option ~Food we ordered:Pan con Bistec-My boyfriend liked this sandwich better than the pan con lechon sandwich. It was this \u00a0slightly dry marinated steak topped with grilled onions and slices of red tomatoes, layered on top of thin potato sticks, and sandwiched between slices of cuban bread with a garlic spread. I concur in yumminess! :) Porto's Veggie-The vegetables were good: roasted eggplant, red bell peppers, and zucchini topped with melted havarti cheese, lettuce and tomatoes. The thing that threw me off was the hummus- it wasn't bad, but it just didn't give the sandwich enough flavor. I wish I could've substituted the hummus with a dash of balsamic vinegar instead. Pan con lechon- (we split this TEHE) Not a bad sandwich either. It's made of pulled pork, grilled onions, and a garlic spread in between slices of Cuban bread . I didn't like how the pork was so soft that it had the consistency of canned tuna. rawr...I sincerely LOVED the plantain chips we got with the sandwiches too! They were baked and made a lovely addition to the meals. (not oily, not salty, just tasteful) Dessert we ordered to-go and I am currently consuming now :Creme Brulee-Classic :D can't go wrong with that!Chocolate Strawberries- bombass strawberries, I can tell you that. the strawberries are ripe = WINNING!Mango Mousse-I really liked this dessert :) The fluffy light mango mousse layered on top of a thin white \u00a0cake is just soooooo gooood! Parisian-Devil's chocolate cake. A bit too sweet for me but if you like chocolate moist cakes, this is the one for you. I am so coming back here for more food. RAWR!", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Julie Y.", "time": "12/3/2011"}, {"content": "I wish I could eat EVERYTHING at this bakery. \u00a0Of course, my eyes are bigger than my stomach, so I can only pick out a few items. \u00a0I tried the chicken potato ball, the regular potato ball and the chicken empanada...all were sooo amazing. \u00a0Not sure if it was because I was starving or it was really that good, but I was craving for more after. \u00a0Line for the bakery is really long, but moves pretty quickly. \u00a0Next time, I'm making sure I leave with a box full of goodies...just in case I crave for more later.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Jenny L.", "time": "2/27/2012"}, {"content": "I was hugely disappointed in this Burbank location's sandwiches. We love love love the Downey spot, the sandwiches always come out perfect. We both had the Pan con Lechon, and they were both soggy, and filled with fat and grizzle, and the onions weren't even cooked. Mine was not edible. And yes, before you think different, I know pork is fatty, it's my favorite food group (just like its cousin bacon), but when you can't taste or feel meat, you know it's not good. We know our Cuban food, and this was a disappointment. We won't be back to this location. The only reason it got 2 stars is that the potato ball was really good. I know the executive Chef at this location need to keep better control of his staff to ensure that quality food leaves his kitchen...We will be gladly returning to the Downey location soon..Sorry Burbank!! You're missing out....", "rating": "2.0 star rating", "name": "Ty G.", "time": "3/30/2014"}]