[{"content": "For the high volume of people coming in and out, they are pretty organized, at least as organized as it can get for such a hectic place. I love their salty pastries (empanadas, meat pies, potato balls, tamales). \u00a0The meat pie is my favorite among all of them, second fave is the chorizo empanada (vs chicken empanada). I prefer the meat pie over the empanada bc it's fluffier (puff pastry) vs. the empanada which can be a bit \"doughy\" and dense. The potato balls and tamales are ok, not as flavorful as the meat pies or empanadas. Sandwiches: tried the Cuban sandwich and the steak torta. Cuban is good if you are craving a simple, plain sandwich but the steak torta is amazing in general (must try, esp. if u love guacamole) The bread is very soft and fresh. I also like the plantain chips that come with the sandwiches. Not a fan of sweets in general, but have tried about 10 different desserts here. The ones that stand out are the tiramisu and mango cake. There was a chocolate mousse thing that was pretty good too.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Christine V.", "time": "6/19/2011"}, {"content": "I don't need words to describe how great Porto's is. \u00a0Go for yourself, order anything, and you'll know immediately. \u00a0The value and quality you get for your money is unheard of in this day and age. \u00a0Don't mind the line, it goes very fast, plus it gives you time to look at the display case and figure out what you want to order. Or just get one of everything. I \u00a0get a cake there every year and wish I had more than one birthday.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Mark V.", "time": "7/25/2013"}, {"content": "I became a regular at Porto's after two visits. LOL. One on our way to San Diego and the other on our way back home to San Francisco.I had to try this place after hearing from a variety of different people raving about their pastries.Took a road trip to SD for my anniversary last month and while we were filling up in the LA region (it happened to be 9ish in the morning) I was sleepy and hungry so I yelped Porto's. To my surprise it was only 6 miles from where we got gas so we took a little trip to Porto's.Clearly not what I had expected. I was expecting more of a smaller bakery. Eeeh I was wrong. Porto's is pretty big. When I first walked in, it was a mad house in there and I thought I was going to be in there for about one hour but eeeh I was wrong again. Amist that crazy packed place, Porto's had me out of that place in (give or take) 30 minutes. I ordered the following:Cheese roll - delicious goodness and couldn't eat just oneGuava Strudels with and without the cheese - Very much prefered it w/o the cheeseChocolate Croissant - Was just okay. Potato Ball - Flavorful and savory, a must tryTres Leche - Was a bit too wet, I've had some great TL from hole in the wall placesTo sum it all up, I'd definitely go back here especially for their cheese roll.A bit glad that there isn't one in the Bay Area or else I'd be there all the time(\",)", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Anna P.", "time": "5/9/2011"}, {"content": "Where to begin? I miss this place so much. I moved out of the L.A. area almost a year ago, and I have not found a bakery that is comparable to this one yet. All their desserts are delicious, seriously. The French Parissian Mousse is amazing, the Italian Cheesecake? Superb. The strawberry shortcake, the carrot cake, the cookies? All yummy. The ham croquets are amazing, and the ham and swiss croissant is excellent too. The line is ALWAYS long, but it moves quickly, so don't get discouraged.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Allison H.", "time": "5/24/2013"}, {"content": "LOVE this place. it's not those quiet, tiny, little cafe's and the line is ALWAYS long. i'm only talking about the bakery section.. everything i've eaten is SO good. and it's SO reasonably priced.their fruit cakes... also not a break in your bank and it's good. nothing is overly sweet and everything is just yumyumyum perfect about of sweetness. the guava cheese pastry. oh.my.yum.the line doesn't take forever. you go in, you come out. boom. you're done. there a million people and a half working there, but you don't feel too lost. and the people at the cake area are really helpful and sweet too.i wanttt sweeetsssssssss", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Christine N.", "time": "10/22/2010"}, {"content": "Porto's Bakery is my crack house. \u00a0I must stay away. \u00a0Cases and cases full of delectable treats both savory and sweet.Cookies - dulce de leche and raspberry kisses (delicate butter cookie with either a dulce de leche or raspberry filling)- basic chocolate chip cookie - this has been hit or miss; once got one that was unremarkable, another time they were amazingPastries- Guava cheese or plain cheese rolls - delicious! \u00a0Especially if they are still warm!- Mango Mousse - light, airy, with shortbread bottom. \u00a0yum!- Napoleone - flaky, creamy, custardy goodness- Chocolate croissant - excellent; semi-sweet chocolate; and it seems like there's an actual bar of chocolate in there, not some pathetic handful of chocolate chipsOn the Savory Side- Cubano or Media Noche Sandwich - not too heavy; good for a quick bite- Hot Ham & Cheese Croissant - warm goodness- Potato Balls - tasty, even better with some hot sauce; don't fill up on too many of these and leave room for dessert!The bad:- parking during peak hours, which is any time after 9am until the sun goes down- sometimes the wait in line is agonizing", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Lillian L.", "time": "9/30/2010"}, {"content": "My only complaint is there is usually a line. Otherwise Porto's ranks among the best of the best. It's definitely worth the wait. In all of the times I have ordered, A LOT, I have never been disappointed. We just got a Tres Leches cake for my daughters birthday, AMAZING as usual. We ordered a Cuban cake for birthdays at my office, again FANTASTIC. I can't forget to mention the Potato Balls, Chicken Croquettes and the Cheese pastries. ALL beyond delicious. The soups, sandwiches and fresh salads are all wonderful as well. Their catering is excellent. They have great prices, beautiful execution and the quality is consistent. This is a go to for me time and time again!", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Lia S.", "time": "3/6/2012"}, {"content": "I recently had my first Porto's experience. \u00a0First off, parking was a nightmare. \u00a0I almost gave up and left. \u00a0However, I felt like I needed to find out what all the fuss was about. \u00a0So, I ended up finding street parking and walking to Porto's which worked out really well. \u00a0So once I got in...I was a little intimidated. \u00a0There were so many people all over the place, it was crazy. \u00a0I got my butt in line and was almost thankful that there was one because it gave me time to look over the menu. \u00a0What I came to notice that Porto's had everything down to a science. \u00a0Were there a lot of people? \u00a0Yeah. \u00a0But, they have what I call \"order takers\" who get your order together. \u00a0They then walk you over to a cashier to ring you up. \u00a0I thought that this system was ingenious and helped the line move quicker. \u00a0In addition, it made the whole experience more personal since you got your own person and could ask for suggestions if necessary. \u00a0I ended up getting two potato rolls, two cheese rolls, and a roast pork sandwich.Despite the fact that the place was a madhouse, we were able to find a table easily. \u00a0It took a little bit for my sandwich to come out but it gave me time to sit and enjoy a potato ball and cheese roll. \u00a0I was not disappointed. \u00a0The potato ball was kinda like a pot pie. \u00a0It was definitely a pleasant surprise. \u00a0The cheese roll was equally awesome. \u00a0Sweet, flaky, light...pure heaven. \u00a0Now for the sandwich. \u00a0The bread was slight toasted and soft which I appreciated. \u00a0However, the meat was dry and lacked flavor. \u00a0I enjoyed the banana chips that came with the sandwich. \u00a0Had they added some au jus or something, that sandwich would have been a winner. \u00a0I then got in line at the desert area. \u00a0Since I was making the trip back home to San Diego immediately afterwards, I thought taking back some guava/cheese rolls would be a good idea. \u00a0I bought a dozen along with other items for my roommate. \u00a0I gotta say that the guava/cheese rolls were so good! \u00a0Apparently they taste like rhubarb. \u00a0I've never had rhubarb so I can't confirm that but everyone who tried them said it tastes like it. \u00a0Again, it had a flaky texture to it. \u00a0The blend of guava and cheese was perfect. \u00a0I totally understand what all the fuss is about :) \u00a0Hopefully, I'll get to come back here again!", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Del O.", "time": "11/21/2010"}, {"content": "For weeks I had been looking forward to visiting Porto's for the first time. I was waiting for a friend from out of town to take me, and it was well worth the hype and the wait. The atmosphere was great, the line only took 5 minutes, and the food was awesome. Can't wait to go back and try new things.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Jared R.", "time": "1/2/2013"}, {"content": "Portos is awesome. Their cheese rolls and guava pastries are divine and super inexpensive. I love buying pastries and cakes here as well. You can get a full size, delicious cake for about $25. Customized cakes arent even that much more. Their cafe food is also yummy. i personally enjoy the turkey croissant ($4). It pairs well with their plaintain chips. Be aware that everyone looooooooooooves Portos so there's usually a pretty decent line in place. But, its totaly worth it so be patient and wait.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Alice L.", "time": "4/29/2011"}, {"content": "Man oh man, it's always a treat driving 45 minutes out just to get my monthly dosage of Porto's. The food is amazingly affordable and there's so much variation that you can't really get enough of it. The smoothies are to die for. I know I know smoothies are smoothies but I have to say, you won't know what love tastes like in a smoothie until you've had a Porto's smoothie. First timers, also try the meat pie's, cheese rolls, guava cheese rolls and potato balls.Honestly the only thing I can say for improvement is to make it more accessible. More is better, open more stores! =)", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Harold P.", "time": "1/1/2012"}, {"content": "No brain-er here - yeah the line can be comically long but so what... now that there is more than one in the area the line is manageable.Amazing spot for some variety - do not know what you like but they have a cuban version of it I think.Mango Mousse - i could eat that anytime. \u00a0An LA treasure.If you need a wild cake, order early - days in advance not only will they make something that makes you go WOW it will also make eveyone go Huummmmm, oh yeah.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "brad d.", "time": "9/23/2010"}, {"content": "Here's what your going to get:1 Potatoe ball1 Ropa Vieja1 Cheese Roll= happy ending. \u00a0 Trust me you will thank me for saving you the wasted time and money..this is the BEST they have ;)P.S. Dont worry about the long long long line....it goes really really fast!!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Diana L.", "time": "10/31/2011"}, {"content": "This place is amazing. \u00a0You've got to go and get one of their cheese rolls if you're ever in the Burbank/LA area.MUST HAVES: drink: horchata smoothie. sweet: cheese rolls. savory: potato balls.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Richard N.", "time": "1/30/2011"}, {"content": "I love Porto's. \u00a0This Cuban bakery is amazing. \u00a0Everytime I walk in, I want to try everything. \u00a0Their pastries and desserts all look so tasty. \u00a0I normally get the Papa Rellena (Potato Balls), 3 different types of Pastelitos (guava pastry, cheese pasty, and meat pastry). \u00a0My mouth is watering as I'm writing this.Yes, there are a lot of people. \u00a0Yes, expect a line. \u00a0However, there are so many employees behind the counter that you will be placing your order before you even finish deciding what you want. \u00a0It's amazing how well this business is operated.My two favorite sandwiches are the Cuban sandwich, and Media Noche. \u00a0These never disappoint. \u00a0Enjoy!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Mayte A.", "time": "5/8/2011"}, {"content": "I know everyone loves this place, as evidenced through the endless yelp reviews and the ever growing line at the entrance. Unfortunately, I do not think Porto's is as superb as it is made out to be. I have eaten many pastries from Porto's on many different occasions. I would honestly rate their pastries at 3.5 stars if I could rate them alone. However, they are not just a bakery. Their menu has an ample selection of sandwiches and a halfhearted attempt at an entree salad menu. My main issue with their savory food, was the veggie sandwich I ordered. The \"grilled\" eggplant was so overly greasy the oils immediately made the bottom of the bread soggy and unpleasant to eat. A veggie sandwich should be refreshing and unexpectedly satisfying, not heavy and fatty. Additionally the hummus spread was average at best. The plantain chips were as good as I have had at any other place, but nothing special. Porto's is an alright bakery for the likes of layered pudding cups, petite cakes, and pastries, but they have a way to go (in my opinion) with their food menu and execution.", "rating": "2.0 star rating", "name": "Theresa T.", "time": "8/24/2010"}, {"content": "Best place on earth. Best sandi's ever. Best cheese rolls. Best potato balls. Fresh OJ. Decent prices. Can it get any better????", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "L S.", "time": "1/22/2013"}, {"content": "So I have resisted writing a Porto's review, because what can I say that has not already been said, but I'll try, and I do want to make one point that no-one else probably has... First I am from the East Coast and when I first got to LA I began searching for a good cup of coffee, I tried many places from down in Downey to the San Fernando Valley, Hollywood, and so on, but to this day after living here 3 years and trying numerous places, Porto's is IT for just a consistent, great cup of properly roasted and brewed coffee. I know it's just coffee right, but if you seriously drink coffee, you know it is not that simple, and when you find a good consistent cup of coffee that is truly a find...and consistency is important, with coffee, we've all had inconsistent, hoidy-toidy, frou-frou, high-falutin, just bad coffee (Starbucks)... So best coffee in LA, Porto's... And I know I will never win over a Starbucks person, but seriously folks if you read this because, well however you stumble upon this review, and you are getting your coffee anywhere other than Porto's, consider Porto's for all your coffee needs, I mean they can make anything that Starbucks can, plus I just think the people making your coffee at Porto's say LA, local, real, to me...and they are local, just like Porto's is local, and not some big impersonal, corporation like Starbucks (Who make no secret that the secret to their coffee is that they burn the beans, which when I have made the mistake of drinking Starbucks coffee as a last resort it always gives me a headache) Not Porto's though, always, consistent, friendly service, and even though they probably easily see, on average 5000 people a day, they always know my drink... Also great place for cheap eats LA, Burbank...best empanadas and of course the papa rellanas = potato balls...but I actually say the chicken empanadas are better...and they go so well with the coffee... In conclusion skip the chain places for coffee folks (Starbuck$, Petes, Tea and Beanery, et cetera), I cannot believe people even still support chains for anything (Especially in LA, especially in this economy, I guarantee whatever you get at Starbucks they can make way better and save you at least 50 cents (Money for your empanadas?) on per day, at Porto's), chains are so fake and impersonal, get off the chains, go local... When in LA, go Porto's, when in Seattle find a local coffee place, never go chain, corporate, unfriendly, impersonal...maybe I did say something no-one else has said...making my go local point... Oh and while I'm making my go local point, if you are in the Burbank, Glendale area, instead of getting a burger at a fast food chain, consider a real local, uniquely LA, experience and go get Armenian lamajun, I recommend Taron Bakery or Sasoon bakery, both can be found on yelp, lamajun (Also, always, you must get a Spinach boerek, boerek + 2 lamajun $3.00...mmmmm) in like an Armenian personal pizza, and you get 1 for like $1...go local, go real, support real people, not companies, corporations, all about profit margins et cetera... Porto's for coffee and empanadas, Armenian lamajun for a healthier, local, burger alternative with an international (Armenain) flair...Great coffee pretty good, local Cuban, Spanish, Armenian, culture and flavor, priceless.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Tom A.", "time": "1/10/2011"}, {"content": "My friend took me there on a saturday brunch. The place was packed!I got a steak torta sandwich. I was slightly disappointed in the quality of the meat, but the chips that came with the sandwich were good. (Apparently you only get the chips if you dine-in).The dessert on the other side, was so good! There are many choices for the bakery section and although it may be overwhelming, you can't really make a wrong choice!The people there were super nice and helpful when I was picking out my dessert/pastries at the end. It's relatively cheap, delicious, and the casual atmosphere is good for grabbing a bite with friends, a family, or even a date (what can I say, the girls dig dessert).I highly recommend checking this place out at least once.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Seiji N.", "time": "6/4/2011"}, {"content": "Potato Balls... Nuff' said.In all seriousness, I've only had the potato balls. I'm sure everything else is good. I mean there is always (always!) a line. You'd think they were selling Justin Bieber tickets in there.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Ansel O.", "time": "1/3/2011"}]