[{"content": "This place is always a pleasure to be. Very crowded but lines go pretty fast. Waiting time is probable 30 min from the time you are in the line to actually get the food. I had the roupa vieja plate. I usually eat the sandwich but I am cutting my carbs lately. I can tell you whatever you decide to eat here is good. You can never go wrong. I wish they open one on the Westside. They would have a lot of customers for sure. Potato balls are great. They have a new potato cheese spicy item. My friend had it and she had no words to describe. Cakes are fantastic. Is a must go. Btw price is very reasonable. My plate cost less then $8. And it had rice beans plantains and meat.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Ale R.", "time": "10/30/2015"}, {"content": "If you ever suggest Porto's, and the person you're with says, \"eh, I don't feel like Porto's\" or \"I just had it yesterday, let's get something else,\" or \"I'm trying to eat a little healthier and that place just makes me make bad decisions,\" or even if they just say \"maybe,\" you punch that person straight in the throat, run away and never look back. That person is not your friend, nay, they are most likely not even human. The only correct response when asked about Porto's is \"I will do literally anything you say if it means there's a potato ball in my mouth in 10 minutes.\" My favorites: Cheese Rolls, Potato Balls, Meat Pies, Medianoche Sanwich, Cappucino Mousse Cake, Horchata Iced LatteNot so favorites: The line, but it moves wicked fast.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Dan C.", "time": "5/7/2014"}, {"content": "Porto's, Porto's, Porto's. \u00a0This SoCal exclusive bakery is raved about by literally everybody. \u00a0Even SoCal locals can't get enough of this place, and it's really easy to see why.But mind you, if you plan on coming here without using some means of public transportation, be prepared to have a very frustrating time finding parking. \u00a0The place has two private lots, with the more easily accessible one being limited to an hour. \u00a0Sometimes it gets so bad that Porto's employees have to come out and direct traffic--and for that instead of taking away a star, I'm leaving it put. \u00a0Porto's employees are very well trained.Inside, you'll find a pastry lover's dream. \u00a0There's always going to be a really long line for their ready-made pastry items--the most popular being the cheese rolls and guava cheese strudel, both of which are flaky and delicious. \u00a0I've also given a few cakes and the turnovers a try, and they're also very good.To go with the baked goods, Porto's also has sandwiches made using their fantastic bread options, great coffee, and a mean mango shake, which is just one of plenty of other options. \u00a0During my first visit I had a pretty good pastrami sandwich, but what really blew me away was the steak torta I had yesterday gushing a nice flavored guacamole. \u00a0It's a Cuban establishment, so you can bet they have good Latin food.What really puts everything over the top are the prices. \u00a0A lot of my friends fill the entire trunk of their sedans with Porto's baked goods, and they've only spent around $40-$70 doing so. \u00a0Not to mention the service is amazing. \u00a0I have another friend who was eyeing their signature potato balls but wasn't quite sure... so the person behind the display table offered him one to try. \u00a0He was so impressed with their service, he bought three, and he doesn't even eat all that much!Keep it up, Porto's!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Danreb V.", "time": "7/24/2014"}, {"content": "The most amazing bakery ever I mean ever. I cannot get enough. Great FAST service. You look from the outside it looks like a headache once you stand in line you don't even feel how fast that huge line moves. The workers are like mice there. Food is delicious!!!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Vivien S.", "time": "1/9/2016"}, {"content": "I love their food but I have to say I hate the wait but those potato balls are amazing and the cheese rolls mmm", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Marine M.", "time": "12/7/2015"}, {"content": "Everything here is delicious, from pastries to sandwiches and event their coffee! My family has been ordering cakes and pastries for our parties for years. My favorites:Pan con bistecGuava cheese rollsCheese rollsIced lattePotato balls Be aware, there will be a line but it moves fast. Definitely worth the drive and worth the wait.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Marcia G.", "time": "7/22/2014"}, {"content": "Porto's is one of my go to places to eat. There's so much variety here that you'll definitely have to come back for more. The potato balls and the cheese rolls are a must have!! The scenery inside the Burbank location is just beautiful. If live in the area and haven't been here, you are truly missing out.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Andres L.", "time": "9/2/2015"}, {"content": "Oh Porto's, how do I love thee? Let me count the ways:1. Variety...OMG, could one place HAVE so much a delectable cornucopia of tasty morsels? When I went in, I was completely overwhelmed with all the choosings. Between my morning and evening visits, I got potato balls, cheese rolls, a meat pie, a chocolate croissant, a guava/cheese danish, a guava strudel, and a cherry turnover.2. Price...or lack thereof! Their items are so cheap, it's easy to get carried away. Go in with $10 and you could eat for DAYS!3. Efficiency...yes, the lines look long when you get in there, but the move along very quickly, thanks to at least eight different helpers behind the counters who help you pick and choose what you want/need/desire. P.S. Be nice and give your helper a buck or two tip for helping you out!4. Location...I know there are several Porto's locations, but this Burbank one is sooooo easy to get to whether you're leaving or going to Bob Hope (BUR) Airport. Just leave (BUR) and turn right onto N. Hollywood Way and keep driviing about a mile or so, and you'll see this Porto's on the left at Magnolia...EASY!If Porto's ever decides to expand to Sacto, I'm in trouble!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Devo S.", "time": "3/28/2013"}, {"content": "Seriously this place is amazing. Love it, everything. The food is amazing and then so unexpectedly the desserts are just out of this world and very reasonably priced.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Drew M.", "time": "1/7/2016"}, {"content": "I have had Portos in the past like, waaaay back as a kid. But it was brought home to me in San Diego so it wasn't fresh and hot because of the long trip back, BUT IT WAS STILL GOOD. I came here on a Saturday morning and almost afternoon and it was my first time at this place. The like was huuuuuuge! It went out the door. You can get menus to see what you like as you are waiting in line to get some goodies. Me and my girlfriend got potato balls, the cheese rolls (must get), chicken croquettes, and the meat buns. EVERYTHING WAS AMAZING!! The wait is pretty long but it is really really worth it. I remember eating the potato balls as a kid and that first bite I was in heaven. But eating it when it's fresh and hot, it was even better... I wish there was a Portos in San Diego. This is a must go to if you're passing by LA or being LA just to explore or visit family or whatever. I'll be coming here more whenever I go drive up to LA area again.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Lester L.", "time": "8/31/2016"}, {"content": "I'm in love with this place!! Desserts are incredible as well as the food! Those potato pork balls are insane! Plus the prices are so cheap! Can't wait to go back!!!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Felicity M.", "time": "1/5/2016"}, {"content": "Very nice bakery. Amazing taste and reasonable prices. The wait , however, is unbearable. Always crowded and busy. Expect to wait in line for a minimum of 20-30 minutes during weekdays, and close to an hour during weekends.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Yuliya A.", "time": "1/5/2016"}, {"content": "I wish I had a better review to give since I understand why they are so popular and well known. There really isn't anything to compare it to, first advantage! I give the credit to the bakers. Unfortunately that's all the credit I'm giving them. This is my second time picking up dinner here after standing in their crazy lines and getting poor quality food. I ordered the ropa vieja plate and got rice, hard beans and a scoop of tomato and pepper broth that was missing the ropa vieja (shredded beef) this is the second time this happens. I was told by the manager they have a specific spoon the servers are suppose to use for portion control but getting leftover broth is not what I went there for. My fault for trying to give them a second chance, won't be giving them a third. Wish they would step it up, guess I'll be looking for a Cuban place to compare.", "rating": "1.0 star rating", "name": "Itsmeb's M.", "time": "11/19/2015"}, {"content": "My favorite place to go in the valley for lunch. Amazing chicken croquets, killer beef sandwiches. And for a sweet treat, their cheese rolls are out of this world!Top quality food for a very reasonable price. For the amount of people that are constantly flowing through their doors, service is pretty quick and friendly staff!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Jason S.", "time": "11/27/2014"}, {"content": "By far the best place to go for food and desserts! Their sandwiches, smoothies and desserts are delicious! I absolutely love this place.Pro:Reasonable pricingVariety of desserts/food to choose fromFresh/good quality foodCons: -Long lines/ can be pact depending on what time you go (Avoid rush hours !)-They close early", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Autumn ..", "time": "6/5/2015"}, {"content": "This place is the best! For the Holidays they were so organized, i couldn't believe how they handle so many people and their orders! Food is very good and pastries are to die for:)", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Rosie P.", "time": "1/3/2016"}, {"content": "I would love to give this Porto's five stars, but I can't. I love Porto's and I'll come here since it's currently closest to me. Still I can't help but feel that Glendale and Downey have an edge over this location. Mind you there are only a few things I get at Porto's I love it, but I do have self control and no need to get crazy and into the danger zone which is easy here. It could have been that, you know, I didn't get the best batch of what i ordered. It happens. But on separate occasions I noticed that the thres leches cake's toping was definitely too sweet for this very sweet cake. Thres Leches is dense heavy, milky sweet dessert crack. It's important that the topping be less sweet and light, for balance, and consistently the other locations I mentioned get this right. I also had a fruit tart that was skimpy on the cream filling and the filling was a bit \"thin\" maybe needed more fat like heavier on cream or butter or something as the richness in flavor was lacking, and the skimpiness took some joy of having a fruit tart out. I also had the grilled chicken sandwich and it was good, but consistently the same one I get at the Downey location is just way more satisfying. Still, there isn't anything specifically I have to criticize about theirs. I also bought a couple loaves of their sourdough bread on two occasions, scrumptious as ever. All and all it's Porto's and I love Porto's so of course I'm still a fan even of this location and will go again. It's just I don't eat a lot of sweets and I am particularly picky with deserts and probably everything in life, but I really get butt hurt when a potentially great dessert falls short. I mean it's a dessert, there is no nutritional value to be gained, so it's purely for pleasure and when it's off it's like well why did I even get out of bed? I got out of bed for this? Then I need a glass of wine to even things out. They should offer glasses of wine when the dessert is off the mark, then it's a winning situation every time.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Cindy B.", "time": "4/24/2016"}, {"content": "Omg! The Potatoes balls are sooo good! Especially when it's still hot! Loved it so much I bought a box of it before I flew back home.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Nini N.", "time": "11/17/2015"}, {"content": "GET THE POTATO BALLS!! I love the food it's amazing and cheap well kinda of lol . Parking is kind of hard to find but its worth it", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Darren F.", "time": "6/4/2015"}, {"content": "I've been coming here for many many years and the food is always amazing and fresh everytime. My favorite thing here is the guava cheese pastries that they have as well as the chocolate croissants. Everytime that I buy a box of all their pastries and bring it home the entire family explains to me this is the reason that I gain weight as well as making everyone else gain it also!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "David S.", "time": "5/6/2015"}]