[{"content": "Sometimes instead of working out, you gotta pig out. That's what I did here. I went down the line and picked out about $20 worth of pastries and ate them all. No joke. I was covered in powdered sugar. Shouldn't have worn black.Anyway, this place is soooooooooooooooo good. Everything was delicious. I will be back and I will get diabetes next time.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "J. R.", "time": "12/1/2015"}, {"content": "Cheese rolls and potato balls. These 2 are always a must order whenever I come here. All their pastries are not only priced extremely well but they are also delicious. Tip- you can ask for hot sauce at the counter, they do not have it at the condiment stands. (For those who like a little kick in their food)I've tried the cubano and the pastrami and both are good. I prefer the cubano though.Tip- if you to go your sandwich, you miss out on the plantain chips!!! Their cakes are also very reasonable, well decorated, and tasty. They have large cakes and also individual sized portions. My go to's are the mango mousse, dulce de leche, and fruit tart. It's a good thing that this place is not closer cuz if it was, I'd probably go everyday.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Connie S.", "time": "4/10/2015"}, {"content": "Talk about fast service, friendly staff, and amazing food / pastries. My family and I have been going to Porto's for very years. From birthday cakes, to quick lunches, to sweets for a gathering, Porto's has been our go-to spot. Although, it is always extremely crowded inside, they have amazing service. The employees are very precise and helpful. They listen carefully, take your full order and then start boxing everything for you right in front of the customers. They have a display of all of their goodies behind glass fridges, which is extremely helpful for people who do not know what they want to order or what it would look like. Our go to dessert is their tiramisu. It is just so creamy and fluffy. It literally feels like you're eating a piece of delicious cloud. Their fruit tarts are very pretty and very tasty. For my birthday, two years in a row, I ordered their chocolate cake with raspberry filling. Like I said, I ordered it two years in a row. That is how delicious it is. If you are hungry, they have variety of salads and sandwiches to choose from. I have tried their Torta and I absolutely loved it. The carne asada was perfectly cooked, every time I have ordered it. Instead of chips or friends, they have banana chips on the side which is basically thin slices banana that is deep fries. At first I hesitated to try it, but I am glad I did because they are addicting. Their garden salad is fantastic as well. It comes with their Mango salad dressing. It is very healthy and filling. And lastly, do not, I repeat, DO NOT forget to order their orange juice. It is freshly squeezed according to each order and it goes perfectly with anything that you might be eating.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Shelia D.", "time": "3/17/2015"}, {"content": "Hanging out with homie! This place was awesome gotta try that horchata smoothie the best it was evenly sweet and creamy with a nice smooth cinnamon flavor. Kind of makes you want to relocate from the bay to LA.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Kaki B.", "time": "9/18/2016"}, {"content": "As a NorCal person I think this is a must try place when you're in SoCal. I expected long wait times but despite all the customers they get the wait time was reasonable. There's two lines, one for the baked goods and another for the coffee and drinks and such. The guy that helped me got my order wrong and I'm so mad. He asked me what I wanted and I listed it all but he didn't start packing the goods until I finish my list. I'm assuming that's so he gets an idea of what size boxes to use. I ordered like 10 different things but if he didn't remember he could have asked to clarify. I was just standing right there. Instead of giving me the 6 cheesy potato balls I asked for he gave me 6 meat pies. They doesn't even sound similar. Yes, I could have checked my receipt but I trusted this place. Ughhhh I'll try those cheesy potato balls next time I guess...", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Celia Y.", "time": "4/25/2016"}, {"content": "really good! one of my favorite bakeries, the only thing i hate is the long lines due to its popularity. Other than that it is delightful delectable", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Lupe P.", "time": "11/15/2016"}, {"content": "Author's note: \u00a0Experimenting once again with writing while on nootropics so this might affect my prose somewhat. \u00a0Not like I have some sort of characteristic style or anything, just sayin'...Having worked in the baked goods industry myself, I'm aware of the healthy margins that these types of businesses enjoy. \u00a0With the ridiculous sales volume that Porto's gets, the economies of scale make it even more attractive. \u00a0Big ups to the family who pass on the savings and keep prices at recession-era levels. My ex's brother managed the business banking accounts for Porto's. \u00a0Although he maintained a high degree of professionalism and maintained strict client confidentiality, your humble author fancies himself an excellent judge of body language and facial tics... \u00a0Concurrently, when I would ask him about Porto's gross annual sales ($10 million? \u00a0$50 million???) he'd just kinda shrug noncommittally, but even his attempts at inscrutability were giveaways. \u00a0Their selection... \u00a0Just an insane variety of pastries, sandwiches and assorted baked goods items, but in the end, do we really go there for anything other than the potato balls and the cheese (guava optional) rolls?", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "John S.", "time": "9/5/2015"}, {"content": "I can't get enough of Porto's... It's an obligatory visit to Porto's each and every time I am in SoCal. My wallet is happy, my tummy is happy, jeez, everyone's happy at this point.I haven't even tried most of their pastries that they offer, but you can't go wrong with their potato balls.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Sam K.", "time": "9/15/2015"}, {"content": "My family and I have been avid portos customers for over 7 years now and let me say nothing in this store disappointments. From their guava rolls to their mango mousse cake to their chicken cutlets and potato balls literally this store does not disappointment. Anything that looks good is most likely good. Even their sandwiches are delightful. So treat yourself some good food that's reasonably priced!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Tishni W.", "time": "9/21/2016"}, {"content": "I've always been a fan of Portos, and have had their various meals & bakery items. Today I tried their Parisian cake for the first time and was blown away by how good it was. And the price is only half if not less of other shops with this quality. Definitely coming back for more desserts!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Jamie W.", "time": "9/16/2016"}, {"content": "Stopped by here on the way back to San Jose on Sunday. I've never been here before but now I definitely see the hype. However, I have tried it because I've had friends who brought them home & I cannot get enough of the foot. Bought home some cheese rolls and potato balls and omg goodness, absolutely to die for. I can eat a whole box, but I won't because I'll probably be salivating for more. The line is efficient and quick. I was a little bit overwhelmed at first, but it goes by fast! Quick service & nice people. I ordered a Cubano sandwich and it was so delicious. Bread was the perfect toast and the meat & pickles within the sandwich hit the spot. Also got a blended mocha, which was okay. I wish I had gotten the banana smoothie instead. I can't wait to come back here again the next time in LA.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Stephanie T.", "time": "4/18/2016"}, {"content": "Rudest customer service I've ever received. \u00a0My friends love this place and took me here. Pastries are ok, nothing special. However, the service I received here was truly notable for being God awful.When I received my change from the cashier, I noticed that the quarter she gave me was a Canadian quarter. \u00a0I kindly asked that she change it to a US quarter coin instead. \u00a0 Instead of just changing it for me or saying \"Sorry, let me change that for you\", \u00a0she goes \u00a0\"IT\"S STILL GOOD\" \u00a0Then she finds her manager who she needs to open the cash register and says to him \u00a0loudly \"SHE DOESN'T want it\", pointing to the Canadian quarter. Then she's still muttering out loud \"It's still good\". \u00a0Meanwhile my friends are right next to me watching.NO SH** lady! \u00a0No one really wants a Canadian quarter when Burbank is 1200 miles from Canada. \u00a0No business in LA wants it, and no vending machine will take it. \u00a0It's the cashiers responsibility to make sure that your currency in the register is American if you're in the US. \u00a0Don't be passive aggressive to your customers when it's your job to manage your money, and don't take out your mistakes on your customers.Too bad. The store looks really nice and the pastries look amazing. \u00a0But I'm not coming back. \u00a0There are other places to go that don't treat their customers with such disrespect. \u00a0Staff need some training on customer service.", "rating": "1.0 star rating", "name": "Bonnie K.", "time": "9/20/2016"}, {"content": "another chain that's consistent in quality.we were en route on the 5 to visit my bf's mom and we decided to take a slight detour on the 134 to stop by for some porto's!parking could be a challenging game of musical parking spots.the line is divided into two sections, but honestly, i can't tell the difference and i always just go with the shorter line and still end up getting everything i need anyways.POTATO BALLS. \u00a0'nuff said. \u00a0bf had one on our road trip and he was like \"OMG, SO GOOD\". \u00a0and the pastries are just as delicious. \u00a0i got a whole box of pastries and a few potato balls for only $12. \u00a0such a steal. \u00a0can't wait for the oc location to open!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Alice C.", "time": "2/24/2016"}, {"content": "I love this place. \u00a0The food and pastries are always on point. \u00a0The prices are fair I just wish it wasn't always so crowded and parking is not always the easiest. \u00a0The meat pies, potato balls, pastries, and cakes are always very really good. \u00a0Whether you visit the Glendale or Burbank location lines are to be expected.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Eddie O.", "time": "5/5/2016"}, {"content": "They have these Cuban biscuits and they are the best thing since sliced bread!!!! Clean inside and everyone was very friendly.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Alli E.", "time": "7/23/2016"}, {"content": "DON'T LET THE LONG LINE SCARE YOU!!Located off Hollywood Way and Magnolia in Burbank is this crazy busy Cuban bakery and cafe. They also have locations in Glendale and Downey, with additional location soon to open in Buena Park and I believe West Covina. I've only been to Downey, so I'll compare this location to Downey, - This location is small. - The dining area is very limited and probably easier to take the food to go. \u00a0Seating is first come, and there's only seating for 100-130 people, if lucky. \u00a0-Parking is also an issue. Unlike Downey which has the parking structure and plenty of lots nearby, this restaurant has a small parking lot behind the store and then street parking along a busy boulevard. If you're not a fan of circling a parking lot, its probably easier to park on the street and walk over. \u00a0Once inside, you can go left for the cafe /sandwich side or go right for the bakery. It actually doesn't matter which side, as you can order stuff from either side. The line moves quickly, but if you're a newbie, be prepared to feel overwhelmed. There's no directions on what to do, and the menu looks so inviting! \u00a0What do you order? \u00a0The staff tries to help with suggestions, but they do so with a hint of rushing you to just order so they can help the next person. \u00a0To them, \"everything\" they sell is great.Most of the people seem to come for the pastries and cakes, which is what they're most famous for. \u00a0People bring out bags and bags of boxes filled with these Cuban goodies.I love their amazing food! I am a fan of the Potato Ball (a must order!) and any of the Cuban sandwiches. I've yet to have a bad lunch. My favorite \"go to\" pick is the Pan con Lechon, the roast pork sandwich. Tender chunks, not sliced, pork that just melts in your mouth... So good! \u00a0Stephen likes the Medianoche Cuban pork sandwich, which is also a popular item. On this visit we were heading to a meeting, so we stopped by to get a bite to eat beforehand. \u00a0Stephen and I split a potato ball and a Pan con Bistec, the steak sandwich, which also blew me away. The marinade was nice and garlicky, and the bread was fresh, soft yet perfectly toasted. Then, we took a box of the famous Cheese Rolls and the Dulce de leche cookies to go. \u00a0Both items were a hit at the meeting!If dining in, you get plantain chips with your sandwich, but none if you take the sandwich to go. Prices are affordable, setting you back $5-7, which is no more than going to Subway. The coffee drinks are incredible, but unlike the sandwiches, not on the cheap end. A cafe con leche type drink will set you back $3.00 and up, for what looks like a 16 or 20 ounce cup.The downside is other people want to dine in, so finding a table, especially on weekends, and during the \"lunch rush\" of 11:00-2:00 can be difficult. \u00a0Overall a great restaurant, as its reflected with the insanely big crowd. I wish they could expand to accommodate more people.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Michelle R.", "time": "3/2/2015"}, {"content": "I have had Portos' famous cheese rolls before but have never actually step foot in any of their bakeries. Finally got the chance to after a visit in LA. When I got there, the line was all the way outside, which didn't surprise me. The line was long, but it moved very fast. When I finally got to the front to place my order, I told the guy what I wanted (2 dozen cheese rolls, some potato balls, and a bag of banana chips). He boxed everything up and I was in and out! I also tried their guava smoothie which was very refreshing. But their cheese balls..... AMAZING!!Wish they had this in Northern California. The place was very clean and all the staff were very nice. There was even workers in the front directing the line. Come here to try their cheese rolls and potato balls!!!! You will not be disappointed!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Kristel V.", "time": "11/1/2015"}, {"content": "I was a little disappointed with the cake decoration. It was my son's 16th Birthday Party. The cake picture was great. But when I picked up mine, it was ugly looking design. Also, the glaze on top of the Dolce Caramel Napoleon was too much!! The employee from Portos wasn't helpful, when I asked for the most popular design or flavor, she was careless. I was really upset.", "rating": "1.0 star rating", "name": "Laura S.", "time": "4/12/2016"}, {"content": "Pastries are a dime a dozen but Portos is the place everyone talks about. Carried a dozen of them on my way home to NY and 7 people at the airport made a positive comment about them. The guava smoothie was really good. It wasn't too sweet. The guava and cheese pastry was delicious although it just tasted like regular jam. The strawberry cheese croissant was good but wasn't much filling. As a matter of fact, there wasn't much filling in any of them. The potato balls were really good and it's an item people can't stop talking about. Basically a fried mashed potato ball with meat and peppers inside. The cheese rolls were excellent but I feel like I'm just saying that cause everyone else is. It's a Danish like croissant with sweet cheese inside. Almost like cream cheese. .85 each and a dozen for 8.95. I ate enough Danishes on this trip to last me a lifetime.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Brian L.", "time": "5/3/2015"}, {"content": "Potato balls, cheese rolls, guava cheese rolls, chicken or ham croquette are a must try! Lines are pretty long so if you don't have patience you shouldn't be here. The staff is really friendly & they are super fast at getting your order in a timely manner.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Sandra S.", "time": "9/18/2016"}]