[{"content": "3.5 starsPorto's was our last stop in SoCal. I've heard nothing but amazing things about their pastries. The hype was HUGE, to say the least. There are employees directing people to the correct lines. The bakery line moved along quickly, but it was still super hectic once it was our turn to pick our pastries. The employees really do a great job when it comes to getting customers in and out. It's so obvious that they're used to the crowds, yet they still have great customer service. We purchased: a half dozen cheese rolls, a half dozen guava cream cheese strudels, 6 potato balls, a raspberry kiss, and the mango mousse. Our total was about $21 -- not bad at all! The potato balls were my favorite. Eat these right away! If you can't, you'll have to drop them in the broiler, unless you like soggy balls! The cheese roll and guava cheese strudel were both good and the mango mousse was okay. There are so many options that I wouldn't mind coming back to try their other pastries. For my first time, I went with what everyone and their mama raves about; and I wasn't as blown away as they were, unfortunately. I'm still glad I stopped by to try it for myself, though. It was on my bucket list for the longest time, lol. Hopefully next time, I'll find something that blows my mind.", "rating": "3.0 star rating", "name": "Liana B.", "time": "9/7/2016"}, {"content": "Porto's makes good, affordable pastries. \u00a0I always get at least a dozen potato balls or cheese/guava rolls. \u00a0Their new turkey and gravy potato ball is delicious!!I don't have anything bad to say about them... only that they are so popular and lines are long. \u00a0They have a pretty good system though, and it works at getting people moving.I CANNOT wait for the Buena Park location! \u00a0I'm willing to drive all the way out here, but it would be really nice if they finally had a location in Orange County!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Clara C.", "time": "10/31/2016"}, {"content": "I drove by this bakery on my way to where I was staying in Burbank this past Friday night. It was almost 8pm at night and the place was packed! With that being said, I looked it up online and noticed that Porto's had close to 6000 reviews! WOW - with that being said I had to go check it out!First time, my mom and I went and got blended ice coffees, there was 2 long line ups with about 200 people in the restaurant. The bakery selection is to die for, with a wide range of delicious cakes, empanadas, muffins, cookies, sandwiches and so much more! My mom and I were just in awe, by the bakery items and the number of people. We waited 15-20 minutes just to get coffees! Was it worth the wait? The blended coffees were good, but nothing spectacular, either way - we came for ice drinks because it was over 30 degrees Celsius. On Sunday, I came in to get a Turkey Croissant Sandwich, it was pretty delicious. I must say it's comparable to the croissant I had in Nice, France a few years back. I just love the fact I could sit outside by the patio to enjoy my sandwich in the sunshine. Everything was fresh and delicious. \u00a0For a place that seems a bit busy with a billion people running around everywhere, the staff was really organized in a chaotic way. It is definitely one of Burbank's hot spots, I even saw people with Porto boxes and bags of goodies on the plane back to Canada. I would definitely go back to Porto's, it was one of the best bakeries I have ever been to in my life:) Good job Porto, you won my heart!", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Louise T.", "time": "9/13/2016"}, {"content": "We stopped in for pastries and should have thought to leave time for lunch. Upon entering the building you are met by someone who asks what you are looking for and gives you a menu. We then got in the line going to the right for baked goods. Even though it was crowded the line moved quickly and the employees were very efficient.There is nothing like this at home and our neighbors have a son in Burbank and rave about the place. We ended up getting a half dozen different muffins, a half dozen Dulce de Leche Cookies, a half dozen Sprinkle Cookies and a Large Crumb Cake - all for less than $20 and very, very good.We will be back in LA in November and will try to swing by for some goodies.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Dave W.", "time": "9/20/2016"}, {"content": "Wow! Blown away by this place... One by the food, two by the array of food options and three by the amount of people making it run!Was told this was a Burbank staple and I had to stop and try it while I was here and I'm sure glad I did!! There are two crazy lines (regular and bakery) and about 20 staff members just taking food orders... That doesn't even count wait staff, cooks, cleaners, etc... The atmosphere kind of reminds you of Disneyland when you go into the restaurants, stand in a giant line and then scan the place over and over waiting for someone to move from a table... And of course there were so many people so it looks a little chaotic, but the staff is calm, cool and collective it puts you at ease.I had to try the cake balls! There were two different kinds: the original which had some kind of meat on the inside, little less potato filling that expected and then there was the 4cheese and peppers, which was much more potatoey with the filling...honestly I could decide on which one was better because they were both amazing! What a great thing to pick up and bring along to a get together at a friends house!I also got the Porto's Torta... Steak! Anytime you give me the option of guacamole and steak, I'm there!! The sandwich was so fresh and delicious that I forced myself to finish although I was full hahahaThe desserts all looked and smelled amazing. Although I did not try any, by the looks of people walking out with boxes upon boxes of baked goods, I'd say it's a sure bet you don't want to skip the dessert if you, as I won't miss out on that next time!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Ashley E.", "time": "8/26/2016"}, {"content": "Porto's is always a MUST stop for me when I'm down in SoCal! This location is a better route for me when I'm on my way home so I've only been to this location. The bakery/cafe itself is huge, but parking can get a little difficult because most of their parking is street parking. The line is always super long even though they have separate lines for food/pastries/drinks, but it goes pretty fast because their systems are pretty quick. I highly recommend trying Porto's out if you've never been.Now, onto their pastries! I LITERALLY buy boxes of pastries for my friends and family when I come here. The food is pretty affordable and absolutely delicious! When you're here, the potato balls are a MUST! They have their goto regular potato balls and their spicy potato balls. They're both PACKED with flavor and freeze well too. I noticed this time they did have a seasonal potato ball flavor of turkey and gravy but I have yet to try them. Their guava rolls and guava and cheese rolls are really delicious here as well! They have just the right amount of sweetness and the guava filling is wrapped in a flaky delicious pastry as well. Once you have Portos' MUST TRIES, you will always be back for more when you're in Southern California area. I highly recommend even if the parking and the line can get a bit challenging. Until next time Portos!", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Christina L.", "time": "11/10/2016"}, {"content": "Ok always packed with guest! I never had Portos until this year . . . Probably the most overrated bakery in the valley (worth rating) with 2 locations. The line is always long for either the pastries or food(not as long) . . . That is unless you go right before closing the lines will quickly shorten. Only thing is, is it worth the kitchen being out of one of their delicious sandwiches? I've gone early upon opening and there is still a Line even of 10-15 people outside. The cake line is usually little to no wait you can also order food items, not pastries with your cake order. Very nice efficient set up the lines can seem overwhelming but it's worth the potato ball or whatever pastry floats your boat. I could probably never sit down and comfortably eat a meal there BC it's so populated at all times I don't have anxiety but I'd probably get it trying to eat a meal there. I recently tried the cheese and pepper ball and its ok. Not as great as the potato ball how is the meat so well cooked, and the potatoes in between that crispy outer crunch layer that is a potato ball. I don't eat many pastries but they're croissants are ok. And for a guilty pastry the coconut strudel. Most of my family aside from the Potato balls obsess over the Guava / Guava cheese rolls so if guava is your thing knock yourself out. The food for the first time I had a sandwich there of my favorite Milanesa and it is so good with avocado and their jalape\u00f1o sauce. Well tested and crispy Milanesa. It's. I'm starting to want that for lunch today . Lol. My cake of choice is actually the apple tart so not so much cake, and that's a 9/10. I usually remove the custard filling BC it can be a bit much. Also I do that for the fruit tart. But both amazing crusty (tart crust) treats. The apple tart is like a delicious apple pie without the extra stuff you don't want and calories you don't need. Try it you won't be disappointed! Parking can be a pain but I usually find street parking when the lot is full.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Tiffany D.", "time": "9/10/2016"}, {"content": "There's a reason why people bring boxes and boxes of these to parties, the airport, everywhere! It's worth trying. My favorites are everyone else's favorites: potato ball (filled with meat), chicken croquette, guava cheese rolls, cheese rolls and meat pie. I tried the croquette filled with four cheese and spicy peppers... and that was good in that gooey cheese way but something about the meat filling goes so well with the potato.They're pretty efficient here so I don't feel like the wait is too bad.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Shannon L.", "time": "8/6/2016"}, {"content": "A must stop for whenever I head through southern california. I have rarely been disappointed with Porto's. I usually go to the Downey location or Glendale depending on which Theme park I visit. But, this one was much closer this time around. The location seems to be a little smaller in size, and I do prefer the parking at the Downey location.Now on to the food. There has not been one bad pastry, or sandwich item in all my visits. Now, I don't go here alone because I like to share in my calorie indulgence. So, I go with a large party, and order so much food that we have no choice, but to take a lot home. We opt to bring a cooler for the fragile items. But on this day we consumed the following on site:(2)Medianoche 6.98 (2)Turkey & Gravy Potato Ball-0.99 (seasonal item)(2)Potato Ball-0.98 (2)Chicken croquette- 0.99 (2)Ham croquette 0.89To go/eaten on the way back home:(2)Cheese roll 0.80Tiramisu 3.75(2)Caramel \u00c9clair 1.89(3)Peanut Butter Cookied 0.69Thus, always a great visit to the beginning or end of a vacation.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Leanne R.", "time": "10/25/2016"}, {"content": "O shhhhtttt This place is the Bomb! If you're ever in the L.A. area , this is a MUST!!!! \u00a0If you are in the L.A. \u00a0area Porto's, is a must! \u00a0 \u00a0They have huge lines but they go really fast. \u00a0There are 2 sections a bakery side (for cakes, and gourmet desserts) and also a to go side (breakfast/lunch) varieties. \u00a0 \u00a0We ordered Chicken empanadas, \u00a0spinach cheese croissants, potato balls, meat pies and guava cheese pies. \u00a0 Also got a few goodies to go. \u00a0A single Tres Leches and Cuban Pineapple cake! \u00a0 Holy Moly! OMG everything was amazing! \u00a0 We also had freshly squeezed OJ to go with all the food. \u00a0Everything is inexpensive and very affordable to all budgets.I believe that have at least 4 locations throughout the L.A. area. \u00a0We try to make a stop every time we are on vacation at a theme park. \u00a0Makes great snacks to bring with us since the park food is so expensive.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Raquel H.", "time": "8/3/2016"}, {"content": "T'was my first time visiting Porto's today, but definitely won't be my last time (even though I live in the Bay Area).I got overwhelmed by the mass of customers inside. It looked and felt very hectic, but honestly, the line wasn't too bad to tackle. There are a lot of employees on staff, and you can see everyone working as best they can. What looked like a potential 1 hr+ wait turned out to be only a 15 minute wait. The girl behind the counter who helped us was friendly and warm. Great customer service over all! Typical me: first thing I do when I got my fruit tart was drop it on the floor. I cried, \"Oh no!\" as I saw my dessert tumble to its doom before my eyes. Immediately, I felt someone touch my shoulder and say, \"It's okay, don't worry.\" It was a woman on staff who saw my blunder. She picked up the fruit tart, went to the back, and came back with a whole new one for me. I didn't even have to ask! Bless that woman. Bless this entire place. In case anyone was wondering - the fruit tart was really good.The blended cappuccino that I ordered with the fruit tart was really good too.So was the ham & cheese omelette on a croissant breakfast sandwich.I'm back in the bay now... but can't wait to return. Porto's FTW.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Mimi N.", "time": "10/15/2016"}, {"content": "I love Portos! Growing up in LA, we always had portos for any celebration. I usually go to the Glendale location because it's closer to me, but I went to this location to pick up two cakes for a work birthday celebration. Parking is always full but just be patient. You'll get a spot soon enough. They have complimentary valet in the lot behind the building, but I've never had to use it. I called a few days before and ordered two cakes: the white chocolate raspberry cheesecake and chocolate grand marnier mousse cake. Both are decorated beautifully and are SO GOOD. They can even put a message on it. To pick up, there's a separate line that's on the far right side.The line to order \u00a0food is ALWAYS long. But it moves pretty quick because they have a lot of people taking orders. The best sandwich in my opinion is their tuna melt. It's probably the best tuna melt I've ever had. We also always order potoato balls, ham croquettes, chicken croquettes, cheese rolls, and guava strudels. Going to portos is always worth it!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Regine D.", "time": "10/21/2016"}, {"content": "Love this place but the parking and the long lines make me stay away most of time.. however every once in a while I get the craving for those amazing potato balls and so I make the sacrifice. I haven't had anything bad from them and believe me I have had almost everything on the menu as well as catering. The staff behind the counter are so good at what they do, it's incredible to watch them take long orders without writing anything down and get it perfect every time- also considering the volume of customers that comes trough these doors on any given day the lines move pretty fast", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "D I.", "time": "10/27/2016"}, {"content": "I will stand in their crazy line just for their cheese and guava rolls!! \u00a0Portos should be on the bucket list for anyone visiting the LA area. \u00a0It is honestly one of my favorite places for pastries. \u00a0If you're coming from out of town this is a great gift to bring back home.Parking here is a pain but they have valet if you don't want to look for a spot.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Michelle B.", "time": "10/21/2016"}, {"content": "Cubano sandwich - 3 starsPotato balls and croquettes - 5 starsMy first time here was a few weeks ago. We got here at lunch time and the place was PACKED. There is a line to order and a line to get seated. They have a sign notifying you about the line for seating, but when we went, there wasn't one so there was a bit of confusion for us. We got into the cafe line and ordered a cubano sandwich, some potato balls, croquettes, and tamales. Everything but the cubano sandwich was amazing. I loved loved loved their ham croquette. It was just the right mix of salt and cheese. At least I think there was cheese in there. I kind of inhaled it rather quickly and regretted not ordering more. Their cubano was nothing too out of the ordinary. It was good, but I wasn't a fan of their chips, which are made out of dried bananas. I will be back - hopefully not when the lines are too long.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Mai K.", "time": "7/28/2016"}, {"content": "We have been coming here for the last 6 years. Absolutely delish! Today we saw Darby from the Voice. This restaurant is popular to all the locals and a must visit for any tourist.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Mike R.", "time": "12/3/2016"}, {"content": "There hasn't been anything i've purchased from Porto's that I didn't like. They have delicious pastries, of course. But the sandwiches and potato balls are amazing too! My all-time favorites are the fruit tarts, pineapple empenadas and fresh strawberry cheesecake. It's super creamy and delicious. It is always perfect and we never have any leftover. They are always a crowd favorite that has everyone fighting for the last piece. Warning: they are always busy; especially on the weekends and during the holidays. Be sure to give yourself at least 30 minutes to get through the line to order your goodies. It is well worth it though. Go here... try anything... leave happy!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Celisse S.", "time": "11/14/2016"}, {"content": "Don't be discouraged by the long line! The line moves rather quickly since there are 4-5 people behind the counter taking orders. I ordered the steak plate with rice, beans, and the fried banana thing. Everything on the plate was super delicious and I cleaned the plate spotless basically. Rarely do I ever finish rice and beans, but OMG they were so good! I will definitely frequent here now.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Jordan E.", "time": "12/8/2016"}, {"content": "Portos lives up to its hype from the local newspapers, from my family, and from Yelp reviews. \u00a0My cousin and uncle could not stop talking about it, so on a recent trip to SoCal, this was the planned food stop en route back home.\"You order all this stuff--it'll feel like dozens of things--and you find out you've only spent about $30,\" said a Disneyland Guest Relations cast member after hearing I was planning on going to Portos. \u00a0\"I recommend the feta sandwich if you're going to sit down, but all the savory stuff is good.\" \u00a0Friend 2: \u00a0\"You have to get the guava and cheese pastries. \u00a0They are soooooo good!\"Cousin: \u00a0\"I'm ordering a half dozen each of the guava and the guava-and-cheese, and I'm getting 2 of each of the savories.\"None of them lied. \u00a0I got a regular Napoleon, 2 meat pies, 2 potato balls, 2 chicken empanadas, 2 chicken croquettes, 2 guava pastries, 2 cheese pastries, 2 guava-and-cheese pastries, and a feta sandwich to go. \u00a0Total cost: $22. \u00a0Seriously!Ok, on the real, I had everything, which was so good. \u00a0My stomach kinda hurts from all that sugar in one day. \u00a0But, the stand outs are::: SAVORY :: chicken croquettes:: SWEET :: guava and cheeseAnd yes, that feta sandwich was delicious.Wait time at ~12:45pm on a Monday was about 15-20 minutes in the cafe line.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Michelle M.", "time": "10/13/2016"}, {"content": "Porto's is an LA institution, so when my friend was visiting and told me that Porto's has \"always been on her list\" of places to try, I insisted we go here to grab breakfast.We ordered a bunch of a la carte items: the famous potato balls (think: shepherds pie in ball form with crunch outside breading), chicken croquette balls, cheese rolls, hot coffee. We also split a Cuban sandwich. The sandwich was soooo delicious with the freshly baked bread, and incredibly tender slow-cooked pork. I loved the tang of the pickles and sauce. You order at the counter -- the line is long but moves quickly -- and then they give you a pager with a number if you order something that takes prep (sandwiches). Then you find a seat and they bring it out to you. If you only order the a la carte items they box them up right then at checkout. Tons of staff members and they are all super professional and fast.This location has a nice cafe seating area and to my surprise despite the crowd, we were able to get a table after probably a 20 minute wait. You just stand off to the side and a host will seat you when a table becomes available.I've previously ordered birthday cakes at the Porto's Downey & Pasadena locations and still believe it's the best deal in town for an affordable, glamorously beautiful and delicious special occasion cake. You can also get them by the slice.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Peijean T.", "time": "7/10/2016"}]