[{"content": "Richard S. brought me a box of his favorites from Porto's--little cheese rolls (static2.px.yelp.com/bpho\u2026). They survived a plane flight from LA without losing their deliciousness! The cream cheese filling was still fresh and yummy, and the outer crust was flaky, with a perfect sprinkle of sugar adding to the crisp texture.I brought these home. My mom liked them a lot. I think my brother did too because he ate the last one, which I'd been looking forward to this afternoon :*( Ah well...", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Karen W.", "time": "8/17/2009"}, {"content": "5 Stars All The Way!!There are so many options to choose from, however I recommend the Cheese Rolls, Coconut Macaroons, and Chocolate Dipped Croissants. This location was much busier than the Pasadena location, yet the line moves quickly and the service is good.I have since placed a large cupcake order for work and the employees who helped me place and pick up the order were very nice and the transaction went smoothly. The cupcakes came out looking beautiful and tasted great as always.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Anthony N.", "time": "3/22/2013"}, {"content": "Really, really... this has got to be one of the best bakeries ever. I love everything about Portos except the potentially insane crowds and the madhouse of a parking lot. Those two things are soooo awful to deal with I have to knock off the 1 star to make this a 4 star review.The cheese rolls (or if you are really down with it \"quesitos\"), the opera cake, and the fruit tarts are my personal faves. I have been going here for years and the staff f is friendly and efficient... even when the crowds are overwhelming and spilling out the doors, you can see the staff happily go into high gear. Mmmmm Portos!", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Marlaina R.", "time": "9/21/2012"}, {"content": "Portos is racist...not an equal opportunity employer...Iv'e never written a review like this and hope I never have to again ..I can understand if the pastry chef or head chef in the kitchen is cuban in order to keep the food authentic , this is not some family business with 3-4 employees . \u00a0with over 15 employees on duty at any time there is no excuse for not being an equal opportunity employer .. no doubt with all the years they have been open many young people have applied for work there only to be turned down by there race...racism is ugly \u00a0I ask an employee that had been working there for years and he said they on hire cuban or hispanic people I in good conscious am not going back and I would encourage those that do ...to politely tell the owner/manager that you would feel a lot better about going there if they were an equal opportunity employer", "rating": "1.0 star rating", "name": "tom t.", "time": "6/3/2013"}, {"content": "The Good: The pastries are good, the food is good.The Bad: I have had their cake several times at parties, It is dry. I need coffee and milk to make that dry shit go down. Not to mention it is over priced for defrosted pound cake. Costco makes theirs fresh and it's cheap. I would not recommend this overly priced, frozen pound cake. Von's, Albertsons, Ralph's and Costco are 1000 times better. Not impressed by the cake especially for the price. You can tell they make it in bulk and then freeze it and defrost as needed. Doesn't take a genius to figure that out.", "rating": "2.0 star rating", "name": "Jose J.", "time": "2/18/2013"}, {"content": "I came here with my ex-girlfriend one time and loved it since! They have an amazing bakery and sandwiches. You have to get the Inca Cola. Haha =)", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Justin Y.", "time": "2/20/2012"}, {"content": "What could you go wrong with PORTO'S?! I've gotten a dozen box of cheese rolls that costs around $7+, but I would suggest pre-ordering 50 pieces within 48 hours or earlier. It's $20+ for 50?! Compare that with getting 4 dozen boxes, it would cost double. I was also told you can order the day off. Guava rolls & potato balls are also good. They have a separate line for the cakes that you can just grab & go & another line for asking for which ever pastry you'd like. The other side you can order coffee, sandwiches, & a separate area to order cakes. Upstairs is the party planning area for catering and cakes. I wanted to order a custom cake, but it was way too pricey. Can't complain considering the fact that they're stuff IS good.I've also tried the Mango Mousse cake & the Red Velvet cake. Good, good, & good! You can also ask to put something on the cake as in \"Happy Birthday\" or any other occasion. They do it fast. I can't seem to complain about anything here but the line. I would suggest to come here earlier. I've gone here a couple times when it's almost closing and their lines & services are longer than usual. But they are fast because not only one person is helping each customer, but a whole group is. Timed parking is another part of what you have to pay for. I would suggest putting in 30 minutes unless you're buying 10 boxes but more. They're fast & I've always gotten my pastries within 15 minutes or less.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Michelle L.", "time": "5/27/2010"}, {"content": "I've been here a few times and the little sandwiches and most of the treats are tasty, even though they can sometimes tend to be dry. So, during today's visit I discovered a not so nice issue with this place. I placed a \"take out\" order, and when my sandwiches arrived they didn't have the chips with them. When I asked for my chips, they said it would cost $2.49 extra to have chips with a \"take out\" order as they only serve chips with dine in orders. I told them I wanted the chips I paid for and they said for \"dine in\" orders, the food costs more that this why you get chips with \"dine in\". I've never heard of 2 separate price tiers and serving sizes for \"dining in\" in or \"take out\". They also don't have this posted on their menus nor do they ask if you want chips when you place the order (even though they put pictures of the chips next to the sandwiches on the menu *see here: portosbakery.com/content\u2026 ). \u00a0I take issue with any place that nickels and dimes customers. $2.49 for some chips, give me a break. In addition, the place is such a mad house there is nowhere to comfortably sit. If you want to dine in you have to wait in a line for a table. So the bottom line is they're charging customers more to wait in line and eat at the place or ripping them off for taking their food to go. Problem: HORRIBLE \"Dine in\" vs 'Take Out\" POLICIES, which are not customer friendly AT ALL!! Solution: Charge the same price and give the same amount of food to all customers, dining in or taking out.", "rating": "3.0 star rating", "name": "R W.", "time": "2/26/2012"}, {"content": "Portos is one of the best bakery I have even visited. Everything is good and tasty here, starting from bread ending with cakes. I give 4 stars only for the long lines. Visit Glendale or Burbank location for tasty meals", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "ScarFace T.", "time": "1/14/2014"}, {"content": "Porto's.... Classy, delicious, simple! From their tasty Guava pastries to their Media Noche sandwiches, this Cuban Gem is always a crown pleaser.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Maria P.", "time": "8/9/2013"}, {"content": "Wow, Amazing food and treats.. I get hungry just thinking about this place. A must visit place for all Los Angels", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Don F.", "time": "2/13/2014"}, {"content": "Today was finally the day I came face to face with the legendary Portos. I was literally scared to walk in because of the hype this place had, and that I would be let down.This bakery is not even remotely close to where I live, but because there was a Jay Leno taping, I decided to go. It's a hop and a skip away from Porto's. So me and my mother (cuz i'm cute like that) went to this porto's after not eating for about... 6 hours. Needless to say, I wanted to eat EVERYTHING that was on display, EVEN THE TABLES. jk... I was a man on a mission, I knew what i was going to friggin order. I wanted balls in my mouth, specifically potato balls. I didn't even know what the hell they were, but I knew Porto's was famous for it. I got 2, one for my mom and me. Then I heard from a friend that the Cheese puff was good. I asked if they had it, and GUESS WHAT THE SERVER DOES!?!??!?! I BET YOU CAN'T, CUZ HE GAVE ME ONE AS A SAMPLE. OMFG!!??!?! are you INSANE!??!!?!?!I instantly was shocked and bewildered. I took the whole thing and took a bite. There was INSTANT food jizz in my mouth. I shared said orgasm inducing cheese puff with my mother... (let me let this sink into your brain....). Needless to say, we ordered 4.Amazing marketing is amazing.Then my mom decided to get the meat pies and cherry turnover, and none of it for gretchen weiners. We sat and opened up the beautiful boxes. I dangled that beautiful ball in front of my face. It looked like it was teasing me. It got my fingers hot, wet, and greasy. It was crumbling, begging to be shoved mercilessly into my mouth. I enveloped half of it, noticing the rich textures. crispy from being deep fried, soft and fluffy from the mash potatoes, a wet, creamy center from the gravy and of course meat!The balance of so much made it a treasure for .90 cents... or was it .70, i don't care i would do nasty things for more balls. I had a second and third helping of those cheese puffs, Ugh, I miss them. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND CHEESE PUFFS. THEY WILL CHANGE YOUR LIFE. I think these are made from crack cuz i'm probably going to end up dreaming about them. Imagine, flaky, sweet, sutble, soft, and warm cream cheese filling. This could be the new bible guys, trust me. It has changed my life. The meat pies and cherry turnover were ok, i mean.. i guess you can get them else where. The meat pies are culturally comparable to the vietnamese \"Pate so\", It was REALLY hard not to compare the two, but, I am engrained in my ways. I suggest you try one in your life. Tis worth the dollar. GO HERE IS IT MORE THAN JUST THE HYPE.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Vincent L.", "time": "11/11/2011"}, {"content": "These must be the gates to heaven since the line here is always so long. \u00a0If not, then I hope they serve Porto's in hell.Everything is so good that it has to be bad. \u00a0Do NOT skip out on the sandwiches and just head for the sweets. \u00a0Definitely recommend this place for brunch. \u00a0Despite the long line, it moves rather swimmingly. \u00a0Just make sure you know what you want by the time you get to the front to be courteous to those behind you. I tend to eat with my eyes here since everything looks so sinfully delicious. As an advocate on life and living, everything bad is at least worth one try.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "April Joy C.", "time": "9/26/2009"}, {"content": "The caprese sandwich and the potato balls are always amazing. It's always worth it to stop by when I'm in the area.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Joe A.", "time": "3/15/2014"}, {"content": "I can't believe I've never reviewed Porto's! This is my absolute favorite spot for coffee, pastries, and cakes. SO SO SO SO GOOD! The staff is very courteous and helpful. They are always super busy but they do a great job of expediting orders. The building is beautiful and always pristine. The parking lot attendants are sweet as pie. The outdoor staff often brings water to my dog. There is nothing but smiles and delicious treats available here. I take all my out of town guests here for coffee or lunch, no one is ever disappointed. Definitely one of Burbank's finest!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Pamela W.", "time": "7/23/2012"}, {"content": "Been going for over 20 years since I was a kid. It used to be good. It's still tasty, but the price is outrageous for the quantity/quality. Papa rellena is more papa than relleno. Same thing with the pastel de carne, a spoon full of the meat with tons tons of phyllo dough. \u00a0The deserts went from having custard to whipped cream, which is a pet peeve of mine. Not everyone wants to pay $3.00 for a pastry full of whipped cream. I still go once in a while, but I wish they would go back to the good quality food they used to produce before they blew up in the last ten years. Quality over profit. Also it's terribly crowded, far better to order, leave and get coffee elsewhere. Closes way too early.", "rating": "2.0 star rating", "name": "Romina S.", "time": "3/14/2013"}, {"content": "2000 people on Yelp do NOT LIE... this place rocks.Cheese rolls... potato balls... YUM YUM YUM!Do i need to say more about my friend Portos that anyone else has not said? Maybe I can add the fact they got INCA COLA! You guys are clean... efficient and SUPER AWESOME. Everything I've tried tastes good.Grade: A-WESOME", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Andy H.", "time": "10/19/2011"}, {"content": "Porto's has amazing pastries, cakes, and food at great prices.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "heather t.", "time": "3/13/2014"}, {"content": "I just remembered to review this place while eating a leftover potato ball for lunch (which btw, was still delicious).I was super overwhelmed when I walked in here on a Sunday afternoon around lunch time. I am not a fan of chaos and all of the people/noise/fast motions kinda made my head spin. Luckily, my cousin is a regular and I really didn't have to do anything but move my feet.Anyways, I'll keep this short. Chaos was worth it. All those people are there for a reason. I discovered 2 of them: potato balls and cheese rolls. The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is because the Cubano sandwich wasn't really anything impressive...love the plantains though!", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Allyson T.", "time": "10/12/2011"}, {"content": "Occasion: Fundraiser for my dear friend Natasha's 'Spontaneous Combustion' event What I Had: Meat pie Cheese rollFood Review: Both the meat pie and the cheese roll were amazing. I love that Porto's savory dishes aren't too salty or mostly breading. It really lets the flavor of the meat and cheese come out rather than overwhelming with excessive salt. Also, they have a huge selection of different pastries, savory and sweet, that I haven't tried yet. Under other circumstances I would consider giving Porto's a 4, but here's the thing: You can't really get many of Porto's products at this kind of quality at any other place. Service Review: (Natasha picked them up) Venue Review: (Natasha picked them up) Overall Impression: I can't wait to try their other menu items and some of their gorgeous sweet items! Porto's has left a positive impression, and even with nearly 2000 reviews I can see how this bakery has kept a 4.5 star rating.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Rachael K.", "time": "11/26/2011"}]