[{"content": "Menu items are minimal and doesn't compensate for the lack of space or organization either. I should expect to be seated according to arrival right?! Because it seems people find a seat out of luck and that means someone who just got there can get seated before someone whose been there for a while. Anyways, this place is just a clutter. Although the food IS alright at best, i wont be a regular.", "rating": "1.0 star rating", "name": "Andy M.", "time": "12/27/2014"}, {"content": "Not much to say that hasn't been said. Great pastries, awesome breakfast omelets, and fantastic coffee. The lines are usually a bit long but they go really fast. I would give it 5 stars but half the time we go there the espresso machine is broken:(", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Christina D.", "time": "8/23/2014"}, {"content": "Never been inside portos bakery but I've tried it before since my cousin is from socal and every time she comes to visit theres always portos with her. Tried a variety of their desserts and pastries but my favorite are the potato balls. Those are a MUST have. Next time I come down, I will make sure to swing by!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Raymond M.", "time": "8/17/2014"}, {"content": "Unbelievable bakery! \u00a0Their baked foods are phenomenal!! \u00a0And a great value as well. \u00a0I recommend getting an assortment of potato balls, meat pies, tarts, etc. and sharing. \u00a0Or, if you are more hungry, order a Cubano or pulled pork sandwich. \u00a0At under $5.00 each, they are a screaming bargain! \u00a0And the desserts are just amazing. \u00a0Mousses, cheesecakes, tarts, pastries, cakes, etc. etc. \u00a0Make sure that you save some room!!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Steve F.", "time": "8/20/2014"}, {"content": "I had this over the weekend and it was OK not too much to brag about. The line was insane and 3 separate wait times hahahaha if you really really have to go here then cool but if you really don't have to I'd suggest you go elsewhere. Theres an excellent cafe called Coral Cafe that is way better and more variety and a place to sit. Portos I think is overrated", "rating": "3.0 star rating", "name": "Janet L.", "time": "2/11/2015"}, {"content": "I walked into Porto's Bakery looking for a fruit tart, and walked out with a full, satisfied stomach and two sandwiches, their potato balls, AND then a fruit tart. \u00a0The sandwiches are made fresh and there are numerous options to choose from, between hot or cold sandwiches and your choice of meat! \u00a0I got the Cuban Sandwich and Tuna Melt, both were excellent. \u00a0If you are craving a sandwich, this is the place to go! \u00a0The only downside is the line can be long (though moves quickly) and finding a table is tricky.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Markus M.", "time": "11/22/2013"}, {"content": "Really good food and service. \u00a0Our first time here was the other day when we were in Burbank seeing someone in the hospital. Eight late in the day so we really surprised it was so crowded, but this is evidently a super popular place and we can see why - good food good service good prices.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "George J.", "time": "7/5/2013"}, {"content": "Had to try Porto's because of all the hype and I must say that it certainly did not live up to my expectation. First and foremost this place reminds me a lot of LA traffic. There are a ton of people dining and a seemingly endless supply of workers as well. The line moves fast but once you get to the front you'll find yourself in another crowd of people all ordering at the same time. You'll have to fight your way to the display case to order then fight your way back to the other side to pay at the register. The one good thing about Porto's is their service is fast even if you order items that take time to prepare. Potato Balls (3/5) - Deep fried batter on the outside with a mix of mashed potato and beef on the inside. The balls are warm and the outside is crispy but overall the potato balls were kind of bland. I think the potato balls would have done better without the beef on the inside. This is their most hyped items but I've had better tasting potato balls (garlic potato balls) before. Perhaps Porto's should take note and try the same.Chicken Croquette (4/5) - The best item in my opinion. Like the potato balls but substitute in chicken. This item had more flavor than the potato balls with the same crispy outside. It's bigger too!Cheese Roll (4/5) - The cheese roll had a nice sugary outside with a cheesy inside. Now i now sugary cheese sounds gross but in this case it actually worked pretty well. As long as you go in with an open mind this item will be sure to please.Medianoche (3/5) - Now ever since my time in Seattle I have yet to find a Cuban sandwich that can come remotely close to Paseo. The medianoche was definitely not what I was expecting when I heard \"cuban sandwich\". It tastes more like a deli sandwich than anything. The sandwich wasn't bad but it definitely didn't wow me from a sandwich perspective and especially not from a cuban sandwich one. Overall: Portos has fast service so don't worry about the long lines. Definitely not a must try but if you really want to try this place it probably wont let you down.", "rating": "3.0 star rating", "name": "Eddie K.", "time": "6/5/2013"}, {"content": "For my 600th review I wanted to write about a new found love. No it isn't some actor on a new TV show. No it isn't about some new Hello Kitty limited edition item. It is about PORTO's BAKERY!!! :)Porto's is hard to imagine how large of a size and how many people come here on a daily basis. It is huge and gigantic. Let alone the parking lot still gets overfilled during lunch time and weekends. When you walk right in I don't know it seems it like a movie from another country. I love just the tile on the floor the way we have to line on either side for bakery section or for the food. I feel like I'm in a strange new but fun place!Bakery goods are some what amazing and many people talk about the bakery section a lot but I think the cafe is just as good to be noticed! My favorite item is the Steak torta. Just the right amount of meat with some fresh guacamole taste pretty sweet and not at all expensive! That is one of the big bonuses for Porto's the food is amazing, the price is so reasonable and you will feel so satisfied! Thank you Portos ;)", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Francine L.", "time": "9/30/2011"}, {"content": "The Pan con Bistec was divine! Nooked into the heart of DT Burbank, Portos is a must-go-to kinda place. Whether it be for some staple cuban sandwiches, soups or pastries, this place will hook you up. (They cater too!) The parking is minimal (street parking) and the wait could take forever sometimes but it's well worth it.The prices are reasonable, and the location is prime.... right on the corner (you can't miss it). I could write a whole review on the pastries alone, they are so darn good. The service here is very friendly and there is indoor & outdoor seating. Look at the reviews, check out the photos, all these combined should sell you on this place. \"YES\" you should eat here. Don't hesitate, grub!", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Juanita D.", "time": "2/21/2012"}, {"content": "Awesome place for breakfast, occasional cakes... I ordered my baby shower cake which was simply awesome. It was 3 tire cake with 3 different flavors on each tier.Pineapple, strawberry and coconut...Mango mouse cake is another awesome cake they have...In breakfast you can enjoy large variety of sandwiches, pastries and many more.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Paggi S.", "time": "4/13/2014"}, {"content": "How can a bakery be so d*** good? I just took a one week vacation to LA and it revolved around Portos. Everyday I went and everytime I was blown away. Potatoe balls, cheese rolls, crossaints and all those desserts. Oooo those desserts, a perfect way to top off my giant box of pastries for breakfest. \u00a0Everything here is \u00a0at an affordable cost especially when you compare it to other inferior bakeries *Paris...* and so delicious. Yea there can be big lines but Portos works like a well oiled machine, so efficient! If parkings a problem there is a free 90 min parking garage ln a street nearby. Portos you are my King and Saviour. We will meet again.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Alex H.", "time": "7/28/2015"}, {"content": "This place has been my favorite since I can rememberfrom their dulce de leche frapuchino to their raspberry kisses!!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Veronica R.", "time": "1/25/2015"}, {"content": "Porto's is one of the reasons I still live in Los Angeles and haven't moved back to my beautiful state Hawaii... I love Porto's! My favorite is the Meat Pie, its like a slightly sweet, flaky pastry with perfectly seasoned ground beef on the inside, soooo good! I can eat about a dozen. The Potato Balls are a close second, its like a mashed potato ball with meat on the inside, you will automatically close your eyes in ecstasy while eating this. All the little things next to it are also fantastic, the Chicken Croquette, Ham Croquette, Chorizo Pie, are all worth a try! The Cheese Rolls and Guava Cheese Rolls also a must! The Ham and Cheese Croissant is amazing! The Cubano and Medianoche Sandwiches with Plantain chips are bomb! The cakes are all great, too. My favorite cake is the Checkers which is sponge cake with Bavarian cream and chocolate ganache! Also the fruit tart is great for hot summer days! Everything here is delicious, beautiful, and reasonably priced. Great place to pick up stuff for parties, too. You can order ahead for party-sized trays.The lines are always long, but the staff is quick, so everything runs smoothly. \u00a0I recently had a Mardi Gras party and ordered the King's Cake. It was like a gigantic danish that was so festive and perfect! Only $16 :) Must order a day in advance.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Cara H.", "time": "2/19/2012"}, {"content": "Yeah sometimes the lines are long but what do you expect for the best bakery in southern california for the place to be empty? There freshly squeezed orange juice is the freakin bomb I swear I've never tasted orange juice so good. The best time to go is in the morning before 10 am the lines are so short I used to stop by every morning to get my bakery and a cup of OJ. Gotta try this place anytime your in Burbank, or Glendale. You might even run into a few celebrities here. This place deserves more then 5 stars.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Brian F.", "time": "9/10/2014"}, {"content": "Amazing! Everything is delicious! Best for breakfast and lunch. I ALWAYS stop here, when I visit LA, to eat lunch and bring back pastries for the family.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "C. M. H.", "time": "9/12/2014"}, {"content": "There really is something for everyone here! The prices are great, the quality is fantastic and the choices are endless. When you mention Porto's, you get people's attention. I get Guava Rolls for sure, every time.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "T S.", "time": "7/20/2013"}, {"content": "Sadly I'm taking my past four stars down. The past five times I got the strawberry short cake its been dry and flavourless. I drove to the Glendale branch and they still made the strawberry short cake the way they always did. Fluffy moist and delicious! Burbank...please fix that problem! I just got a cake yesterday for my bf birthday and its dry and sour! !! Cream has no flavour and the strawberries are sour! How can that be! I was so embarrassed! ! Pls call Glendale and get the recipe back.", "rating": "1.0 star rating", "name": "Noona H.", "time": "10/28/2013"}, {"content": "Just got back from a day trip shopping in downtown LA, aka Santee. Yes, the deals were great, and I ended up completing the fam shopping list; but, I would be less than 100% truthful if I said I just nonchalantly stopped by Porto's to pick up last minute nom noms for the kiddos. Let's be honest here - I'm a fan(atic) of their chicken croquettes, cheese rolls, and potato balls. So much so that I braved all the quips, comments, and longing looks and sniffs that the Porto's bags I was carrying through the airports and the plane received. Everyone from the guards at the entrance to BUR airport, the flight attendants and passengers onboard, to the guards at the curb at OAK, smiled lovingly and tried to somehow send me telepathic messages that they would gladly take the Porto's bags off my hands \u00a0As my gluttonous fam members said, it's a good thing I kept the bags close at hand during the trek; otherwise, they would've been lost in transit, and that's a package no one would ever be able to retrieve!All in all, the goodies were, as always, worth the drive, the long Disneyland-like lines, and the ala vulture stares one receives when walking down the tarmac with the most recognizable non-LV or Prada bag in hand. Our family is a loyal fan, and please add this review to the long line of folks who are just dying to have a Porto's here in NorCal", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Nida A.", "time": "12/24/2014"}, {"content": "Highly recommend it if you want to get some pastries or something light to eat. The place is always busy, but the food is definitely worth the crowd.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Cindy W.", "time": "12/24/2014"}]