[{"content": "The best bakery \u00a0they have amazing everything! I loved the cheese rolls and their cookies! I don't think you can come across something you don't really like here. Especially like the setup of this location even though the parking can be better..Went there on a Friday evening and packed as usual glad it just doesn't take too long to get in n out. Love Porto's and I'm sure I'll be back soon.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Angela B.", "time": "12/3/2016"}, {"content": "My friend brought the cheese rolls, chocolate croissant, and cheese-guava pastry for me, and they were delicious! The chocolate croissant was pretty average but huge, so I was a bit disappointed by that. I absolutely loved the cheese rolls and the cheese-guava rolls!! I ate at least 2 in one sitting. The cheese rolls have sugar on the top so that they are sweet but also complimented by the cheese. The guava rolls are my favorite because it has a fruity taste but not too overwhelming.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Sophie T.", "time": "6/17/2016"}, {"content": "If you can brave the crowds and almost non existent parking this is an excellent spot to grab some lunch.As I walked in to the Cuban bakery/restaurant I was meet by a large crowd in what I could best describe as a controlled chaos. \u00a0I felt as if I was on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. \u00a0Baristas and staff were shouting orders and scrambling to put out orders while several customers were chatting contributing to the buzzing environment. \u00a0Just below the dull roar of voices you could hear the faint and rhythmic sound of Reggaeton (Latin hiphop).Despite the lines being long, we were able to place our order within 15 mins. \u00a0When I found an empty table with two stools, a calm washed over me and I was even further relieved to see my sandwich arrived a few minutes later. \u00a0The potato balls were almost a meal in themselves because they were hearty, rich and stodgy. \u00a0The Cubano sandwich was well balanced with the right amount of savory meat paired with a slight pickle and salt flavor. \u00a0As far a price goes I believe I have spent more on a Starbucks lunch with less flavor. \u00a0You can't beat the prices here.Because I am not a huge fan of large crowds, I am good with my single visit but at least I can say \"been there, ate that\". \u00a0Overall, I must say....you gotta try this place at least once!", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Keith P.", "time": "5/29/2016"}, {"content": "Ugh, I died and went to gluten heaven. So many tempting deserts here! Everyone raves about the potato balls (which by the way are AMAZING), but my heart goes out to their citrus chicken rice plate. I am pretty sure that this is one of their seasonal dishes... But man oh man!!! I would want to eat this every day if I could. The chicken is crisped and drizzled lightly with a lemon/lime sauce. I'm not talking an half-attempted saut\u00e9 with a bit a zest people--I'm talking crisped to perfection and seasoned with legitimate citrus juice. Included on the side is rice, beans, fried plantains, and a GRILLED lime. Yes. I repeat, GRILLED. Any citrus fanatic will love this dish! I can't wait to come back :) next time I'm bringing the family for sure!!!", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Kasey N.", "time": "9/9/2016"}, {"content": "Porto's!!! Porto's!!! Cheese rolls!!! I can't say enough about this place. As a frequent visitor to my all time favorite bakery/ restaurant even though I live in the Bay Area, I went down to Burbank Airport at least once a month. If you want attention, try walking through the airport with a box of Porto's. It never fails.Must gets: cheese rolls, guava rolls, guava cheese rolls, Ropa Vieja sandwich, orange juice (yes, orange juice)The variety and extensiveness on the menu is amazing. I've tried a number of their sandwiches and desserts and just about everything is good to great. You definitely shop with you eyes here as there are only clear glass windows between you and those amazing desserts.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Darren M.", "time": "8/28/2016"}, {"content": "Everything they make is amazing! \u00a0They couldn't make something taste bad even if they tried.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Jen N.", "time": "12/7/2016"}, {"content": "the line reminds me of what it would be like to wait at the Pearly Gates... and everyone does... wait in line for heavenly sandwiches and coffee and sweets.Good Lord.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "marnie l.", "time": "11/12/2016"}, {"content": "Its so far from San Diego but when in Rome..bring home boxes and boxes of pastry delights!Okay, we didn't go overboard like most people. I think we got one big box and a smaller one which was a rare sight for most folks who usually are walking out with bags like they just raided a Macy's sales rack on black Friday or something.It was really our first time there (gasp!) and people are serious about their Porto's Parking was a breeze and those lines...two separate lines being funneled in like a Disneyland ride. But hmm..you can just smell the sugary pastry of love. You can pretty much get a good view of the pastries from the line but if you look up there is a menu that serves hot food! What?! Cuban sandwiches and other Cuban food...ugh. I've died and gone to heaven. We ordered the infamous guava cheese rolls, a few cheese ones, a coconut one that no one ever told me about (HOW DARE YOU KEEP THIS SECRET FROM ME!) a strawberry and cheese filled one and OMG....potato balls! We got one of each kind and wish we had gotten a dozen more. So creamy, savory and oh so delicious. The perfect snack! There is so much to choose from here! It makes me sad that there is none closer to SD. I see why people go nuts once they get there. I'll probably end up being one of those people too when I go back.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Diana S.", "time": "5/17/2016"}, {"content": "3.5 stars. Came to check out the craze. Everyone's snapchat and Instagram consists of a Portos picture when they are returning from Socal. The line was pretty short, parking was a pain but there was plenty of street parking too. Seating was full. I ordered a potato ball, cheesy potato ball, 2 guava cheese strudels (ate this the next day). One Oreo cheesecake, and one fruit tart. Nothing really stood out to me. It wasn't horrible, it wasn't amazing. It was cheap, but I don't think I quite understand the hype and craze about this place. Not a must have for me...", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Kenny N.", "time": "9/14/2016"}, {"content": "I mean, really, what else is there to say about this LA staple? I'm very partial to the cheese rolls, not so much the guava rolls, because they use an entirely different pastry dough. They have an efficient operation and despite the crowds, it moves in a very controlled manner. Tons of staff keeping the lines moving, getting your orders in, and clearing tables and taking out trash. I was here on a Sunday and while it was crowded, we were able to find a seat no problem, but waited about 25 minutes for my friends' 12 dozen pastry order lol.Fresh squeezed orange juice was bomb and now they have a vegetarian potato ball! Cheap and delicious eats, LA favorite, what more could you ask for?", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Christina K.", "time": "9/8/2016"}, {"content": "I drove all the way to burbank from SGV to see my allergy doctor and couldn't resist getting porto's! Lucky for me, its only a 5 min drive from my doctor which is great! What I did NOT enjoy was parking. They only have valet parking in the back when I passed the place. I didn't see any self parking and I'm not going to pay for valet parking. Its not necessary I feel. Anyways, I parked across the street at rite aid because I went to rite aid to buy something and walked over to Porto's as well. This location is big! Its huge with lots of people working. So the line wasn't that long and the wait was OK. I swear I always get the same thing when I'm here. Cheese rolls and Guava and cheese strudel. The cheese rolls are so cheap and good! I just love them and bought a dozen for my family and coworkers. I also bough another dozen of the guava and cheese as well. I think cheese rolls are 0.80 cents each and guava and cheese is 0.89 cent each, which is cheap for both. I also noticed a poster about their new holiday potato balls. They got turkey gravy potato balls for a limited time!!! I was blown away because once I ate that ball, it was so good! If your a regular at Porto's, you already know that they are known for their potato balls. So with turkey and gravy, its like thanksgiving wrapped in one single heavenly ball. I was happy with it and bought 4 of them. I think they were around 1.40 each? I actually don't remember the price, but I know it was a little more then a dollar. Overall, I love Porto's and try my best to come here often when I can. Now with my new doctor I can also get Porto's so I am super happy about that.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Evelyn C.", "time": "10/27/2016"}, {"content": "I love Porto's! \u00a0I can't say I'm a fan of absolutely everything they have to offer as many of the cakes I've had at functions were mediocre (skip the red velvet cake, it's not their thing!) What is their thing are all the amazing items like potato balls, empanadas, chorizo pies, cheese rolls, and their croissants are pretty great when you have them as a sandwich. \u00a0Also, their cookies (especially the chocolate chip) are amazing! \u00a0One of the executives at a post production facility I work with will go out of his way to bring their cookies to our meetings and we're always grateful! \u00a0Their Horchata is probably my favorite in the area for sure.I used to live around the corner from their location in Glendale and would love going there on Saturday mornings for brunch. \u00a0As I don't live in downtown Glendale but work down the street from this location, I tend to frequent it more often. \u00a0The parking is HORRIFIC but they tried. \u00a0Then you walk in and wonder if you'll ever get to the front of the line (and where all these people parked!) \u00a0You will get to the front. \u00a0It doesn't take as long as it looks either. \u00a0The restaurant is beautifully decorated inside. \u00a0It's super loud so if you are going there to do anything other than scarf down their food (because it's so hard to eat it slowly) then you may want to take it to go! \u00a0No chance to sit and quietly talk with your dining companions about the deeper things in life at this restaurant.Prices are also amazing if you're on a budget. \u00a0You can get a lot of food for a small amount of money. \u00a0Truly a great place to get some great food!", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Benjamin S.", "time": "8/23/2016"}, {"content": "I LOVE Porto's. \u00a0I always take out-town guests here at least once during their trip (my sister ended up wanting to go every day). \u00a0Genuinely amazing, high-quality food for great prices. \u00a0I'm particularly fond of the Medianoche sandwich, sweet rolls, and meat pies. \u00a0Their fresh-squeezed orange juice is also delicious.The line can be long at certain times of day, but they always have a ton of people working who move you through as fast as possible. \u00a0And the wait gives you time to pare down your options so you don't attempt to buy out the whole store.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Kara Z.", "time": "11/24/2016"}, {"content": "Great food and baked goods but be prepared to wait a long time to sit down or even pick up take out or pre-ordered food. This place is packed especially on the weekends.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Steven S.", "time": "12/1/2016"}, {"content": "Who doesn't love Portos? Are anymore reviews even necessary? This place is the best... For cake, for pastries, sandwiches and coffee. Pastry must haves are of course the cheese rolls, guava cheese rolls and the potato balls. Cake must haves are the chocolate Parisian cake and the milk n berries. The line will be long Any time, any day. So be prepared to wait but it's definitely worth it.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Dan P.", "time": "4/23/2016"}, {"content": "This is one of the bigger locations I've been to. Their seating area is pretty big, but they can get super busy to the point where the line goes out the door.Avoid peak hours & you'll be fine. Pretty much everything is good.. Both savory & sweet!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Christine S.", "time": "5/19/2016"}, {"content": "The only thing I can say I don't like about this place is how popular it is at every location I go to. Regardless of the lines, though, the employees work incredibly fast, so you really don't notice how many people were actually in front of you the whole time. I definitely have a \u00a0few favorites. The Chocolate Grand Marnier Mouse Cake, the Grand Parisian Chocolate Cake, Strawberry Shortcake, Tiramisu, Milk n Berries, Tres Leches, Guava and Cheese Rolls, Cheese Rolls, Mariquitas for sure, Croquetas, Potato balls are to die for, their salads and sandwhiches AMAZING!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Nazeli K.", "time": "12/1/2016"}, {"content": "Overloaded on carbs anybody? \u00a0What an amazing variety of goods here. \u00a0From savory to sweet, you will be satisfied. \u00a0Don't look for a salad here!Be sure to get their delicious and thirst quenching fresh squeezed orange juice as well.Their hot fried balls of everything are quite good with the exception of the ham and cheese. \u00a0That one for me was meh! \u00a0The one with multiple cheeses and pepper is my favorite. \u00a0It is gooey goodness.Prices are great and service is fast. \u00a0Get in the line on the right so you can see the display cases.If you are on a diet, keep walking. \u00a0If you are not, come on in!", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "B F.", "time": "9/5/2016"}, {"content": "The line is almost always wrapped around the door. If this isn't a good sign, I don't know what is. That's not to say you'll wait forever you won't. Just have your order ready, or come with someone who knows what they're doing. I usually just let my half-Cuban friend order for me. I never come away with less than 6 potato balls.Go crazy. Bring it on the plane. People will be jealous.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Mai-Anh H.", "time": "9/11/2016"}, {"content": "Ok.. so 5000+ people said everything there is to be said but you know what, I still wanna throw my 2 cents in there.Porto's is arguably the best bakery in the world. \u00a0The selection of items they have from their sandwiches, rice plates, drinks, baked goods is unparalleled. I was lucky enough to be in Burbank for work and I check my Yelp app and Portos was literally 10 minutes away. I pull up and bam I get a parking spot immediately and head on in there. I ordered the Cubano sandwich ( best selling sandwich on their menu ) and a guava smoothie. \u00a0The cashier guy was cool and even asked me if it was my first time there and gave me a free potato ball.Cubano Sandwich - This sandwich is legit. The bread is crunchy, yet soft the meats are fresh and all the ingredients go together very nicely.Guava Smoothie - refreshing and bomb af..Potato Ball - Delicious but even better cause I got it for free. And the greatest ending to this review is that PORTOS IS COMING TO OC. LITERALLY DOWN THE STREET FROM MY HOUSE.. I love Orange County.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Andrew J.", "time": "4/26/2016"}]