[{"content": "Everyone loves the potato balls. \u00a0I personally like the chicken one better. \u00a0 TIP! \u00a0 don't eat them there! \u00a0They come out lukewarm at best (probably fried and sitting in a warmer for a while) . \u00a0 The best results is to take them home, pop them in the oven for ~5 mins and you get to taste them as if they were freshly made, \u00a0hot and crispy!", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Hamster P.", "time": "12/27/2015"}, {"content": "You've read 10 million reviews, and you've likely already eaten there. So, I'm not going to waste your time. I just want to speak personally to the quality and price of the food here. The fact that they can achieve both in near perfection, and do so while serving a rotating population of a small city multiple times a day is nothing short of astounding.Smart business, high value to the customer. If you haven't tried it, then it's obviously just a given that you should.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Noah A.", "time": "11/21/2015"}, {"content": "I don't know why this place doesn't have 5 full stars. Long lines, long wait.. Too bad you are too timid to realize the food it self is scrumptious!! The employees are busting their buns (no pun intended) to serve up those lip smacking baked goods, and don't get me started on those potato balls!. The only sad comment I have to say is I wish there was one in the bay area. Fingers crossed!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Adrienne P.", "time": "6/27/2016"}, {"content": "I'm glad I do not live in SoCal...if I did, I would eat at Porto's everyday. \u00a0I finally got a chance to go to Porto's before driving back home to NorCal. It was 10am on a Sunday and it was crazy busy inside. The line was long, but DO NOT be discouraged by that long line...it goes real fast and you don't have to wait that long to order. So this is what I ended up buying:-5 dozen Guava and Cheese Pastry (Refugiado) This pastry was flaky and the guava filling is delicious. -8 dozen Cheese Rolls(Yes...I bought this many! I was feeling generous and wanted to share with family, friends and coworkers...it's the holidays after all.) The cheese rolls are not overly sweet and they pair real well with coffee.-Cuban Sandwich for my husband...unfortunately, he thought this sandwich wasn't that special. He said it was \"ok.\"-Pan con Lechon Sandwich for meThe pork in this sandwich is so tender, juicy and flavorful. The pickled onions work well with it cause it lightens up the heaviness of the pork. -Tuna Croissant Sandwich for my sonMy son's words \"it's good.\"-Ham and Cheese Croissant SandwichI was shocked that my 5-year old ate this sandwich. She actually finished half of the sandwich. My husband finished the other half and he said \"that was the best ham and cheese sandwich he's ever had.\"-A box of Dulce de Leche Kisses for my mom-in-law (told you I was feeling generous.) She loved the kisses and asked me if they ship their products. Lol...-A Mariquita Box with Mojo because I just had to try it. What a great alternative to potato chips. The plantains were crunchy and dipping it in the mojo sauce makes them addicting.Looks like I will be stopping here every time I visit my SoCal family.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Alma S.", "time": "12/28/2015"}, {"content": "How to survive Porto's. \u00a0I live in the Bay Area and 2 of my friends told me about this amazing LA gem. \u00a0Finally I got to go here after leaving Disneyland's 60th anniversary. \u00a0Coming here reminded me of standing in lines at Disneyland. \u00a0So I wasn't in a bad mood having to do this. \u00a0There was a lady directing people from the outside line to one of the 2 lines inside. \u00a0I was slightly overwhelmed with the menu, amount of people and not being able to view the pastries since people were constantly standing in front of the viewing area.Finally a guy called out \"Next guest!\" \u00a0Okay here I go...I knew 2 items I wanted. \u00a0But I told my guy upfront it was my first time there. \u00a0He was so kind and told me to take my time. \u00a0After I made my order, he said to meet him at the register, where he was waiting with my box to have a girl ring me up. \u00a0The register is also where you put in your drink order. \u00a0I ordered a mocha with soy.Prices are so cheap compared to the Bay Area. \u00a0The pastries are like Chinatown prices for quality food. \u00a0That's why this place is so busy. \u00a0It is such a beautiful place inside, kind of fancy. \u00a0Now the major bummer is their small parking lot. \u00a0People get aggressive in there, but just try to hang if you can. \u00a0Porto's has another location, I'll try it some other time.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Michelle M.", "time": "5/26/2015"}, {"content": "Great place to get the baked goods for any special event and absolute Best midnight sandwich and hot chocolate with soy a girl can ask for!! Also never been a fan of banana chips til I started coming here", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Alyssa M.", "time": "4/20/2016"}, {"content": "It doesn't get much better than this! Everything is crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. The Cuban goodies are to die for, so is the chocolate croissant. The prices unbeatable.Hands down best bakery in LA!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Jessica F.", "time": "8/15/2015"}, {"content": "The ropa vieja sandwich is very good , guava smoothie is excellent , staff is very friendly excellent customer service", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Kamil M.", "time": "10/22/2016"}, {"content": "AMAZING. \u00a0This place is the real deal. \u00a0Excellent food, humane pricing. \u00a0Unbelievable service and attention. \u00a0I love this place. \u00a0It's a shameI've wasted so many years of my life not eating here.This experience rekindled the love my girlfriend and I have been missing for years. \u00a0The Orange Juice was better than doing drugs. \u00a0The potato ball should've been in the sistine chapel. \u00a0 \u00a0We got the Cuban steak sandwich. \u00a0It was excellent. \u00a0I forgave Fidel Castro.And they gave out free samples of cheese bread. \u00a0Even homeless people will be giving this place great yelp reviews. \u00a0This is a place of great importance to me.I hope to bury my children here. \u00a0It would be an honor.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Patrick J.", "time": "1/17/2016"}, {"content": "I.can.not.even!! \u00a0Guava/Cheese, cheese pastries, medianoche, Cuban sandwich, mariquitas, horchata, mango smoothies...EVERYTHING IS DELICIOUS! Lines can get long, but service is friendly once you get in front of the line. \u00a0Do not get overwhelmed, the customer service is fabulous. \u00a0Let them know if you've never been there and they will assist you with their best selections. \u00a0Seriously, give in. Worry about the diet tomorrow!!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Mishee D.", "time": "11/23/2015"}, {"content": "I hate the waiting, the long lines and having to look for parking every time, but it's worth it, yum :P Also, the employees are very friendly and efficient! Food is always delicious and at a very reasonable price.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Paula B.", "time": "4/3/2016"}, {"content": "It's very hard to put in words on how great this place is, I have yet to come across something on there menu, that I dislike.Hands down, will put any bakery to shame,and maybe teach them a thing or two. If and when you are around this vicinity, stand in line, hence it goes by very fast, even tho it looks long! And order and indulge!!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Sam S.", "time": "5/4/2016"}, {"content": "holy mother of balls. I spent the most $$$ here on my memorial day weekend trip. Do not be intimidated by the long lines outside because the lines go away pretty quickly ( I waited roughly 10 minutes before getting help from the counter). The workers here are so nice despite the chaos in the bakery. I order the potato balls, guava strudels, cheest bread, chocolate croissant, almond danish and everything was the motherf*cking bomb. I love this place because the prices are cheaper than other bakeries I have been to in the past (85C etc). Each pastry is roughly less than a dollar and buying a dozen usually gives you a buck or too.As I was waiting for my order, the nice worker offered me and my brother complimentary potato balls and OMG soooo gooood. Definitely need to come back here every time in back in socal :)", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Kenneth L.", "time": "5/30/2015"}, {"content": "A few months into living in LA, a friend asked me if I wanted anything from Portos. Thinking it was a burrito place, I said no. A year later, I find out otherwise. They have the most delicious meat wrapped with carbs ever! Their sandwiches are good, the banana chips are weird.Also, their 4 cheese and spicy pepper potato balls are amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Diana J.", "time": "9/16/2015"}, {"content": "On of my favorite places for a quick breakfast and when people bring them in the whole office lights up haha. The guava pastries are amazing as well and these potato meat balls I can never remember the name of. So yummy", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Harrison C.", "time": "8/20/2016"}, {"content": "The best place to order birthday cakes they have an amazing assortment I love coming to grab a muffin and a chai latte on Sunday mornings the wait is worth it", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Mari R.", "time": "6/23/2016"}, {"content": "They ruined our birthday cake. We asked for a picture on the cake and this is what they did. They didn't tell us the pic won't cover the entire cake. This is after they told us it would. This is a second failure by portos. The last time they messed up the icing so that the red part was not prepared properly (tasted like a chemical).", "rating": "1.0 star rating", "name": "V S.", "time": "10/15/2016"}, {"content": "On a Friday afternoon around 1:30 we had made it to here. when we pulled up to the parking lot we were surprised there was free parking for only 1 hour. when we got off the car there was a guy with a clicker keeping track of time. After one hour of parking they start charging. Then i noticed the building of this place was huge and i was more anxious to try the potato balls. When i went inside there were 2 different lines. i thought to myself whats the difference and had to make a choice asap to get out of there asap. left line has a smaller bakery and pastry display. on the left side of the line you can order salads and sandwiches as well. right side of the line has a bigger display on the pastry, bakery items, and dessert cakes, cupcakes, and pies as well. The right side line was definitely longer than the left side. i was in line on the right side because i wanted some delicious cakes as well since they were so appealing and colorful and in all different type of shapes too. Each of the items on the display case has a tag for the item and the price as well which i found very useful. while in line i took out a pen and pad and started writing down what i wanted to get. my list got so full it ended up me spending 26 bucks on myself for lunch time and it lasted me 2 days lol. anyways first on my list is the potato balls! i was so anxious to try them while i was waiting in line for my house salad and clam chowder. The potato balls were still hot and on my first bite i got foodgasm. it was crunchy on the outside and next layer is the mash potato and in the very last layer was the juicy beef. it was definitely amazing good! the house salad was just a normal salad for a very reasonable price maybe like 4 bucks and it came with citrus mango mandarin dressing which was homemade. it was very Hawaiian island refreshing breezy good! next the clam chowder was on the watery side! it was definitely filled with ingredients such as potatoes and clams in every bite and sip. it did lack in taste and wasn't hitting the spot. i have tasted better elsewhere. i wouldn't recommend this at all. next the cheese rolls were amazing! it was cheesy good! and the ham and cheese balls were good too! it reminded me of those pocket sandwiches. i also had the guava cheese rolls, they were flaky on the outside and saucy good in the middle. the presentation to all the pastry items were very appealing good and just want to try a bit of each item. next i had to rate their white chocolate raspberry cheesecake this was sooooo amazing! it definitely was so rich and creamy and it was overloaded with sweetness. it did hit the spot after all the other items i had. the presentation was very nicely presented and it gave me the feel of ettores in sacramento fair oaks blvd. white chocolate strawberry cheese cake. anyways must get for coffee and tea time. i also like the mango mousse cake which was good too! the mango mousse cake had a coconut flakes inside with the creamy mousse texture. it had bits of pineapple inside as well. the presentation was so cute and have a orchid on top. which is perfect for picture food blog.Everything is pretty much amazing! After picking out the popular items and items i want i spent a total of 26 bucks! \u00a0We didn't come out til 45 mins later cuz line is really long. the crowd in here was a mixture of young to hip and to older and classy. the environment is sort of classy but more casual and laid back and chill and great for lunch and catch up. i don't know if its a great grab and go for lunch because it took us for 45 mins which is pretty long consider you have only 1 hr lunch for work usually. i will be back for more sweets and the potato balls! If you like what u read follow or add me. and remember to vote for my review and have a good day.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Alex T.", "time": "5/15/2015"}, {"content": "The customer service at this place is the best. My family and I drove from Pasadena passing the Glendale one to come here because the service is great. They really treat you as if you're family and I will be coming back.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Jassy G.", "time": "4/30/2016"}, {"content": "Upside: Amazing Food!Downside: Long lines!I wish there were more Porto's outside of Los Angeles, like, in my new area.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Jen C.", "time": "2/17/2016"}]