[{"content": "For awhile I was hitting Portos almost every Friday that the staff started knowing my name. ::Cheers:: What happened? well I was getting too fluffy so I needed to break up from Portos. Unfortunately Portos is like being in a bad relationship, she never really goes away. ;)Truly enjoy everything about this place except for the parking situation. Seriously people, what is it about sweets that makes you drive like your mama is on fire? Portos will always be there till closing.Highly recommend getting the cheese rolls and potato balls, make sure to get the potato balls warm. They do not taste as great cold which I got once. As for the other food, well not a fan of their dinner entrees but do enjoy a warm cubano sandwich. The nice perk about this location to the other locations is the space, plenty of seating available inside or outside. Here's to another 50 years of fresh, savory sweet bread.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Enrique G.", "time": "12/27/2013"}, {"content": "UPDATE: Ok, I admit it, I was wrong in my first review. I now like this place because of two things: The pulled pork dinner plate and Horchata shake! Those are like my favorite things lately. I love the rice, plantains, etc. SO GOOD!And the Horchata shake...is so addicting. Every time I'm in the area, I gotta stop by to get those two things.Overall: A-Came here on 8/10/13 and had lunch. My gf and I loved the potato balls, delicious! I had the Dinner Plate with the Cuban shredded beef. It was good, but nothing special. My gf had the pastrami sandwich. Buy was she disappointed. It was ALL FATTY PARTS. I told her to send it back but she didn't feel right doing so.Overall: C+", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Bobby B.", "time": "7/20/2015"}, {"content": "I don't understand all the breathless reviews. I've had Porto's food many times over the years, when well-meaning folks brought in boxes of pastries (savory and sweet) to gasps, fanfare, and much adulation. I understand the bakery locations are incredibly popular and are always busy, that the place is an institution, a goldmine, etc.I have yet to be impressed enough to eat the pastry beyond a couple of bites. Both filling and dough are tasteless and dry. I get yummier things at my corner no-name doughnut shop.Some places can go on and on for years riding on reputation after the food quality bottoms out. (Phillipe's French Dip anyone?) \u00a0This seems like the kind of place that may have been very good at one time, but has cut quality to increase the bottom line. Or maybe the quality is very authentic, and I'm just not a fan of this Cuban style of food.", "rating": "1.0 star rating", "name": "H e.", "time": "12/14/2015"}, {"content": "A quick lunch spot that never fails! Cuban sandwich with plantain chips are tasty! The Porto's coffee is sweet and yummy - I wanted another. Potato balls and spicy cheese balls are a great snack. Line is long and goes quickly. Dinner plate is filling with rice, beans, maduros, and meat.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Linsi G.", "time": "12/19/2015"}, {"content": "Love going to this place it's never disappointing even with the long lines. Get the cheese rolls those are my favorite.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Rolando E.", "time": "4/7/2016"}, {"content": "The Burbank institution.I park on the street. Their lot is fine, but when half of Los Angeles wants to eat here, parking can be a real pain in the keister.Scouting the place on approach is easy - if the line is out the door (which it often is, weekday or weekend) - I know I'll need a tranquilizer. Since I don't have a prescription, I realize I'll have to grin and bear it, or visit one of the restaurants drafting off their proximity to this behemoth of a cafe. The line is just inside the door. Fair enough. I dive in.The place bustles like an attraction rather than a restaurant. They have transcended the category, much like Ikea, and are akin to an amusement park for food. They offer more pastries of kaleidoscopic color than I have ever seen under one roof. They could not cram in more employees behind both 50ft display cases if they tried. Yet somehow each can separate your voice from the hundreds of others asking for various quantities of potato balls and chicken croquettes and cheese rolls and eclairs and opera cake and tiramisu, all of which is top flight and would hold up or perhaps better the more expensive counterparts down Ventura or over the hill and down into Beverly, where they charge 3x's more (perhaps for packaging). Oh, and...and...would you like a sandwich? Because those are made fresh and cheaper than most fast food options, and dammit if they are better than most. Or a coffee on par with the \u00a0brand names at half the price? How they hell they get this all to fit under one roof I don't know, even when I'm immersed in it. After I finish off my last plantain chip I bus my table and give it up to the next eagerly waiting patron, wondering all the way back to the car two blocks away - who is the Wizard behind this Oz?", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Jason C.", "time": "2/7/2016"}, {"content": "My family loves this place because it is so good!!! I love all of the pastries and sandwiches. The lines are long but the wait is worth it.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Brenda B.", "time": "2/20/2016"}, {"content": "The line is always really long but it's worth it. Their \u00a0desserts are amazing. Their full sized cakes are amazing. The variety is amazing.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Jessica G.", "time": "11/3/2015"}, {"content": "First time visiting this place and must say the hype is real. Long lines outside and inside but good news! it all goes by pretty quick. I ordered about $40 worth of food ranging from chicken empanadas to their famous cheese bread. Service was very good given the chaotic atmosphere and will definitely come back for more! For first timers get the Cheese Bread and Potato Balls!", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Brian L.", "time": "5/25/2015"}, {"content": "I've always been a fan of Porto's Bakery. Who isn't?! I just went here the other day on a Wednesday afternoon at about 1:30pm. The place was PACKED. I finally tried one of these sandwiches that everyone goes on about. In my opinion the sandwiches are 3 stars. We tried the grilled chicken and pan con bistec (beef sandwich). The beef sandwich had a little bit more flavor from the garlic sauce they used on it. The prices for sandwiches are pretty reasonable. The main reason I gave this place 4 stars instead of 3, is due to their cheese rolls and potato balls. Both are seriously a party in your mouth. You can't leave the place without at least having one of each. The prices on pastries are pretty reasonable as well. I have had a lot of their pastries in the past, everything from their carrot cake, cheesecake, tiramisu to red velvet cupcakes. Honestly, non of them were worth raving about. But the weird thing is, when we used to order their whole cakes/fruit tarts in the office at work, it tasted so much better. But that could be due to the 'free food always tastes better' phenomenon. It's definitely a place to check out if you've never been!", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Andrea V.", "time": "11/21/2014"}, {"content": "Cheese rolls and potato balls. I'm not sure if I really need to say much more. Portos is always great. Even if the line seems super long, it goes by fairly quickly. Have not had anything bad from there yet. We love the pan con lechon and the fresh squeezed orange juice. Pastries, we recommend the spinach croissant, guava strudel, chicken empanada, meat pie. Desserts, the fruit tart, creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e, and flan. Cakes, my personal favorite is the tiramisu, but my husbands favorite is the berry tres leches. Always recommend cakes from Portos. Cannot go wrong.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Jen L.", "time": "1/25/2016"}, {"content": "Love \u00a0some Porto's on sunny Friday afternoon. Came down to have lunch with my daughter. \u00a0Fast, friendly service and the sandwichs and salad are always spot on. \u00a0Love the long, \u00a0crispy fried bananas which lend a fun and authentic touch.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "M L.", "time": "9/4/2015"}, {"content": "Love almost everything at this place with the exception of lines, wait time to buy or pick-up pre-order/phone orders.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Beth F.", "time": "7/22/2016"}, {"content": "You have to try there milk and berries cake so good! And not so heavy on frosting or anything just right and soft", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Lisa R.", "time": "4/3/2016"}, {"content": "Seriously amazing food and selection of cakes and desserts. Their potato balls are to die for and their Dulce de Leche iced coffee is the best I've ever had. Employees are fast and attentive...Every time I'm in LA, this place is a must!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Wendy V.", "time": "9/17/2015"}, {"content": "Portos! \u00a0Chicken pies taste nothing like they used to.The crust on it taste like they added a cracker on top. \u00a0The crust used to be soft like pie!The quality of the food has been going down for like 1 yr. now. \u00a0This my last order I will be ordering from them. I heard there's a new Cuban bakery in burbank I will see how that works out.", "rating": "1.0 star rating", "name": "Review M.", "time": "10/3/2015"}, {"content": "I went here once and can't wait to return! \u00a0I really loved the pastries!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Chandra K.", "time": "2/16/2016"}, {"content": "Great prices, fresh authentic pastries and real coffee! Always crowded but always worth it! Everyone is attentive and they do an outstanding job directing you were to go...and when you are a \"regular\" you get it! Love their guava struddles, flans, strawberry shortcake, chicken croquettes, medianoches, omelets with chorizo, croissants and every single pastry! I am not a huge fan of their dinner plates, but their sandwhiches are very good!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Yarissa M.", "time": "2/16/2016"}, {"content": "LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! we came all the way to the burbank area from Alhambra just to get their tasty yummy puffy flaky cheese rolls! 1 dozen is cheaper if you want to purchase more. I also wanted to try their meat pies so I also ordered a dozen of those. Its flaky and the meat tastes like the potato ball meat. So i think it was ok. cheese rolls better. lines are long like usual but goes by quickly so be patient! Try everything! its all good. I really like their midnight sandwich. 2 butter sweet bread in between slow cook pork/ham meat, cheese, pickles. wow...so good.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Yvonne Y.", "time": "12/24/2014"}, {"content": "Haha.. yep, I'm giving this place a one star but only today. Maybe on another day I'll give it the usual five stars. I've been to this place more times than I can count. Usually, I love it.. the cakes, the pastries and my favorite pastrami sandwich.. BUT.. for the first time ever, I felt like I was treated really badly when buying a cheesecake.. so much so that yeah, I gotta write about it...lol.. Imagine this, I get a cheesecake and the lady takes forever to bring it out. It took forever mostly because she was always stopping to have a conversation and other times she seemed to be staring in space, deep in thought trying to figure something out. I'm at the counter having to step aside several times while others order their cakes, receive them and go.. Finally, the lady(I should've gotten her name so I can put her on blast here) brings my cake and then asks the usual line \"is there anything else?\" so I say, \"yes, can I get six mango turnovers?\" She tells me no. I need to stand in the pastries line. That is the FIRST time I've ever been told that when buying a cake and it really wasn't that crowded while I was there so it wasn't like she needed to attend to anyone else right away. The young lady at the cash register also asked me if there was anything else I needed. I mentioned to her I wanted mango turnovers and she seemed as if she were gonna go get them but the cake lady stopped her... \u00a0Ahhhhh man that was mean! lol.. There's zero people in the cake line and probably about thirty people in the pastry line. If it weren't for my wife really wanting those, I would've left not only the pastries but probably the cake too. Funny thing, after standing in that line to get the pastries, the server who helped me there was giving me that look as if to wonder why I was standing there with a cake already. It really seemed ridiculous to have to stand in another line all over again. Not to mention, I could see the mango turnovers just a couple of steps away from where the cakes are. Customer service failure right there... :pAhh well.. anyway.. \u00a0Portos is a great place but that was so un-cool today.. as I said, normally I give it a five stars. Peace.. :-)", "rating": "1.0 star rating", "name": "Anthony R.", "time": "12/5/2015"}]