[{"content": "Let me just start by saying that I come here WAY too often. \u00a0I love how affordable, satisfying, and delicious this place is. Every time a friend visits from out of town, I take them to Porto's for breakfast/lunch. The plantain chips are my favorite! \u00a0While the line to order can be quite long, and seating can sometimes be a hassle, it's worth it. Also, it's one of the only places I've been to that serves Inca Cola. Needless to say, I will be back here. Again and again and again. If you haven't tried it, what are you waiting for?!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Christina T.", "time": "10/2/2013"}, {"content": "Seriously one of the best bakeries in socal! I passed by this spot thinking it was just a regular hyped up bakery everyone is saying you must try and I was definitely wrong!When you enter there is a line, but the line goes by so quickly. It seems like the workers genuinely like to work there and are efficient with the orders. Everything from the smell just smelt so fresh and the friendliness of everyone there was so great. I ordered a dozen potato balls and they were super cheap and I think one of the most popular items in the store. I think it was $.90 unless they changed prices since last year. And I tried their red velvet cupcake because I love cupcakes.The potato balls were pure heaven. Honestly they were the best I have ever had. I ate like 4 already and that's pretty fulfilling. Plus there was a lot of meat in the potato ball. Very fresh, not to soft and it gets you full, seriously. As for the red velvet cupcake. It was okay. I had better and I have to say that the cake portion of it crumbled in my mouth which I didn't really like, but maybe that's because I ate it and left in the car when I got back home. Furthermore, the bakery is definitely a place to stop by for a quick bite and if you don't live around the area, you must stock up on potato balls because I don't know any other bakeries that make them that good! But you should also try out other pastries because they have A LOT of freshly baked goods and I'm sure they're pretty amazing and fresh.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Jay A.", "time": "8/14/2012"}, {"content": "I was a bit skeptical when my friend told me he wanted to bring me to this Cuban bakery that is known for their potato balls. In my mind, Porto's was this dinky little bakery but in reality it is this nice BIG bakery filled with yummy goodies! I couldn't get enough of the potato balls and pastries! I loved their cheese rolls, muffins (apple bran and carrot), fruit tarts, raspberry kisses-- just to name a few! I really wanted one of each item under the glass, but I knew afterwards I'd have to live at the gym...Be sure to hit up Porto's if you're ever in the area! They're definitely not your average bakery!I took one star off because the potato balls were outrageously greasy (I know, I know-- they're fried potato balls...)", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Tiffany U.", "time": "12/5/2009"}, {"content": "Such a good bakery. You can tell everything is fresh. Their portions are decent, but could be slightly more. It does get overcrowded at time, but worth going to.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Ethan R.", "time": "3/7/2014"}, {"content": "I've been there only once but I'm so in love with this place. \u00a0EVERYTHING there seem very fantastic. \u00a0Itried potato ball which fas superb! \u00a0I tried also pina colada cake,meat pie,and cheese ball. \u00a0I would go there every single day if there is the place like porto's Bakery. \u00a0Two thumb up!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Kana S.", "time": "2/11/2012"}, {"content": "Everytime I'm in the area I love going to Porto's. \u00a0This one is different from the Glendale Porto's in a good way. \u00a0It is just wonderfully organized and the people who work there seem to know how to give you what you want and efficiently ring you up so you can either sit and wait for your torta or go on your way with your pastry.I love Porto's because they know how to play with mango and guava and give you an amazing pastry that leaves you longing for more.Mango Mousse, Mango cheesecake, guava streudels mmm mmm goood!I love their tortas too, I swear they spread goat cheese on all of them cause they have an amazing taste to them. \u00a0Parking is horrible but that's the price you pay for going to an awesome place. \u00a0All in all, a definite place to go to again and again. \u00a0Say goodbye to your 2012 diet.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Maureen C.", "time": "2/8/2012"}, {"content": "Stop reading this and just go there and eat ! Wow what an incredible eatery !Great food and reasonable prices .Does it get any better than this ?Shhh.....on the prices .Don't let the owners know they are seriously undercharging !", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Imraan A.", "time": "1/8/2014"}, {"content": "This place ROCKS! Absolutely love their sweets! I don't order food from here but when it comes to a sugar rush this is the place to get it from. Yes its INSANELY busy...and yes at ALL TIMES. I highly recommend pre-ordering whatever it is you want and then picking it up. You skip the crazy lines and go straight to a really short pick-up line. I can't even start naming things you should try here because everything is amazing! Seriously, I never had anything bad here and the prices are very good for the amount you get. If I ever need to get a lot of great sweets for a party this is definitely the place to hit up....trust me you won't regret it!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Alex M.", "time": "7/17/2013"}, {"content": "Love. Cheese rolls, potato and chicken croquettes, chocolate layered cake and coconut balls. \u00a0Delicious! \u00a0Friendly staff, quick to serve...definitely be back!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Liz B.", "time": "2/3/2014"}, {"content": "The lines are a bit intimidating, but don't worry, it goes by quickly! Potato balls, cheese rolls, and their red velvet cake - you can't go wrong!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Justine Y.", "time": "7/7/2012"}, {"content": "Best quality for the best prices. Of the three stores, Burbank is our family fave. Always love the cheese pastries, but must allow for some sweet and savories... plantains, empanadas, meat pies. Their Cuban Sandwich is great too! Always so surprised the pastries are actually less than what a scone or cookie would be at Starbucks. Viva Portos!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "rich d.", "time": "2/2/2014"}, {"content": "Seriously don't get this place; lines all the time, they treat you like you're lucky to be served; makes no sense anywhere else than LA. The pastries are bland, the lunches are the same. I think they get away with being deemed as \"amazing\" as they really have no competition in this market being in LA. I tried cookies, brownies, the rolls, even a chicken sandwich (which if you get to-go they won't include banana chips - does that REALLY break the bank for them when they overcharge for everything)? My friends used to go till I showed them better pastries out there, with no lines.", "rating": "2.0 star rating", "name": "Joe S.", "time": "4/27/2012"}, {"content": "This is a bakery oasis! Anyone with a sweet tooth should come here! They are sure to have something to satisfy your taste buds. Everything is dirt cheap too! You can spend less than $10 and get a week's worth of goodies. Usually there is a long line but it goes by pretty fast and gives you time to look at all the different items they offer.- Potato Balls: must try! these hot little things are doughy and filled with yummy meat filling, gotta eat 'em while they're hot!- Cheese Rolls: sweet strudel like pastry with a light cheese filling. makes a good snack- Guava Cheese Rolls: delicious! fruity tart sting of the sweet guava filling along with the flaky outer shell makes this one of my favorite items- Red Velvet: not that good, but it looked nice and comes with a rose petal on top- Bran Muffin: average muffin", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Linda C.", "time": "10/4/2010"}, {"content": "Ok so I guess from all the reviews you can obviously see that this is a nice bakery. I was taken there got me a sandwhich and potato balls both really good. The GoodVery big place with alot of employees. Very good foodThe Bad Because they are good and it is so popular good luck finding seats.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Zan O.", "time": "8/26/2010"}, {"content": "In brief (because it's unlikely anyone is going to scroll through these thousands of reviews and read mine):Favorite thing: POTATO BALLSTried other assorted pastries and sandwiches and it was all tasty but nothing as awesome as my beloved potato balls. The flavored coffee is horrible, much too sweet and it tastes like they put half a bottle of syrup in it. Gross. Don't bother. Regular coffee is just fine. Weekends: Crowded as all hell so if you get annoyed with loud pushy people you're going to be pissed off within 30 seconds. Weekdays are better. Parking: I just do that on the street. Not hard to find a spot at all.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Iska B.", "time": "1/9/2012"}, {"content": "3 new loves of my life: potato balls, cheese rolls, and guava smoothie!i also love the huge display of decadent desserts that i would love to stuff down my tummy in one sitting... actually, all the food there is amazing, including the hot food. the cubano is pretty bomb diggity.the workers behind the counter are always really patient and helpful.the food is unbelievably cheap, although it can add up when you're holding a tray full of different pastries.so worth the 20 miles sitting in traffic getting to the nearest porto's... only thing keeping porto's from being heaven is that it closes at 7:30pm, so consider having an early dinner... or standard dinner time for normal people :)there are still so many things on the menu and off that i haven't tried, so i will be making more trips out to savor unbeatable cuban pastries!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Eileen L.", "time": "8/24/2010"}, {"content": "After a 6 hour bike ride in the mountain our friend suggested to go to Porto's, we were definitely not disappointed, The only problem was to bike another hour to get home.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Robert D.", "time": "4/1/2014"}, {"content": "I was coming to Burbank for the day and wanted to enjoy some delicious local food that can't be found in San Diego. That is where Yelp came in. I searched for restaurants in the area and at over 700 reviews and a solid 4 and a half stars, Porto's seemed like the perfect choice. I have to agree with all the other positive reviews. I was happily surprised when I was offered a free pastry as I waited in line. Hell yes. I took the guava pastry and chewed away. I ended up buying some guava and cheese pastries to take home because they were so yummy.The potato balls were GOOD! I ordered a couple and the two balls looked awkward on my plate....mostly because I have a dirty mind. Seriously, who knew a potato ball filled with some sort of meat could be so scrumptious? I didn't ask what kind of meat it was, I didn't care. I just ate it and enjoyed it. I just knew it was a delicious ball of meat and starchy goodness. Nom nom nom.I didn't have to wait long for my sammich. A guy swiftly plopped down my plate and took my number.Oh, why hello Cubano sandwich, you are delicious. It consisted of pork, melted cheese, cucumber and amazing bread. I only ate half of the sandwich because I was so full. At around $4, that is a serious bargain. The plantain chips the sandwich came with were very addicting. They were crunchy and tasty. I couldn't stop eating them! Service was really friendly and despite having a long line on both ends, service was efficient and fast. Porto's, can you expand to a third location in San Diego? We need some delicious Cuban flava down here. Kthxbai!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Miss Vanessa T.", "time": "11/11/2009"}, {"content": "Porto's so doesn't need my review because they are a fixture. I used to go to the Glendale location until Burbank opened and it's the same fabulous Portos. Yes, you are going to have to wait in line. Get over it. It's completely worth it.We've catered multiple parties with them and they are always super helpful. Or I just go in for a cafe au lait and it is perfect. No way to avoid the little pastries. So freaking good!!!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Manon L.", "time": "1/30/2013"}, {"content": "I'm not a tiramisu fan but their tiramisu cake is AMAZING. Oh and let's not forget the can't just have one amazing potato balls. Thanks @portos", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Jabin S.", "time": "3/31/2014"}]