[{"content": "On top if the huge decline in the quality of food. The staff is pretty damned rude, juvenile, and completely unprofessional. We've been going here for years, and have noticed the food and service slowly getting worse. Well, after today, we will no longer waste our money on this place. We ordered what we normally get 2 torta de pollo sandwiches to go and when we got the order there were no chips. We asked the staff if we could get chips that normally come with it and he said no. We asked the wait staff, he said ok, then walked away and completely ignored us the rest of the time we were there even though he passed us a few times (a good 10 min). The sandwiches were very soggy even though we ate them right away. What happened, porto's? Maybe check your staff because you are going to lose customers with such bad service to go along with the substandard food. $20 for 2 soggy sandwiches that we didn't finish and the worst passive aggressive attitude I've seen at a restaurant ever.", "rating": "1.0 star rating", "name": "Rannie R.", "time": "12/16/2013"}, {"content": "Nearly the moment we stepped foot off the train and into Burbank people were giving us unsolicited recommendations for Porto. Our cab driver told us to go there, a random man buying his daughter clothes told us to go there, nearly every shop keeper told us to go there! THIS we thought, must be the holy grail of bakeries, the Magnolia Bakery of California even. So, unable to refuse what seemed to be the only place on every local's mind, we checked it out. The inside space is gigantic, even so it was very nearly full when we arrived and buzzing with activity. There are two separate lines, one for coffees and I believe pastries and one for food/pastries. If you're going for both, be sure to split up and save yourself the time! Despite what are going to seem like really daunting lines when you arrive, you will have your order taken relatively quickly. The staff are extremely efficient and friendly. I ordered one of the salads with chicken while my Aunt ordered a soup bowl and red velvet cupcake (we had a particularly gushing recommendation for the cupcake). While I thought my salad was really well done, including the large portion of chicken breast on top, my Aunt said that her soup came out cold and the cupcake was just plain boring. I'm honestly between 3 and 4 stars because we got good service and my dish was good, but if you're an out of towner I'd say don't believe the local hype about this place, it might just be that they've never had a really amazing cupcake before.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Reana K.", "time": "8/31/2012"}, {"content": "I can feed a family of four and get pastries for twenty for under sixty in less than ten! The problem is I can never decide what to get, then I order a little and then a lot of everything! I think the cheese rolls are a definite favorite. I have been known to take a box of them to share with my colleagues. One time I took my little yellow Porto's bag of leftovers to work, and I literally had people following me saying, \"Oooo, Porto's. Can I have some? Can I have some...!\" One coworker even came to my classroom to ask me if she could have it...Those yellow bags are definitely foodie magnets!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Therese G.", "time": "7/5/2012"}, {"content": "I originally saw the big hype on a news station years ago but didn't want to make the drive. I went with a friend recently and boy I've been missing out!The potato balls are definitely a hit. It's similar to the Japanese croquettes but more rounded and ground beef mix in the center of the mashed potatoes. It's breaded on the outside, fried and only around a buck each! I had the Ropa Vieja Sandwich. The meat was tender and juicy. Dine-in and it comes with a side of thinly sliced plantain chips which really complements the sandwich.Of Course, I had to order a couple of their desserts. I ordered the red velvet cupcake, creme brulee, and tres leches.The red velvet cupcake from Bake and Broil in Long Beach is still my favorite. Creme Brulee was good but the tres leches was awesome!!!I've had several Mexican tres leches but the tres leches from this Cuban Restaurant was lighter and the whipped cream looking topping was a perfect match with the cake. I did my research and found out it is called Italian Meringue, which is quite difficult to make.It was difinitely worth the drive and although the parking is pretty hard to find, there's a good turn over rate of people coming and going. The line may seem intimidating but it moves fairly quickly. It is a plus to have the menu handed to us as we walk in. \u00a0I'm looking forward to the new Porto's opening closer to my area this fall in Downey. (it was interesting to check out their history on youtube afterwards).", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Yuri K.", "time": "8/27/2010"}, {"content": "Holy cheese rolls Batman!!! Holy potatoe balls while we're at it!Friends from LA always rave about this spot. We were close by so, we decided to samps the sandwiches, cheese rolls, and potato ball.I was super hungry and was excited for the sandwiches but, it was the potato ball that blew me away. It was potatoes baked or fried around some kind of meat mixture. It reminded me of something Italian even though I knew Porto's is a cuban cafe.The cheese rolls were super good, too. If you're from Hawaii, it's very reminiscent of a Zippy's apple naple...flaky and sweet but, not too sweet. At least, 3 of my friends bought 3+ dozen rolls to bring back with them to SF and Hawaii. I mean, if it's that good to hand-carry onto a plane, then you know it's yummy.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Laurie V.", "time": "8/26/2010"}, {"content": "Potato balls, cheese rolls and The Cuban.Stopped by for a quick bite after a quick business trip at WB lot.Nothing quick about this visit... but, I'd say I was as quick as possible (bosses are going to love that...)Really wanted to try a sandwich since I've had their pastries before. I ordered the Cuban. It was delicious. The bread was just the right crispiness... not too hard, but a nice crunch but soft on the inside. Fit really well with the thinly sliced meats inside.I think the best thing was, that it was thinly sliced, but still had consistency of meat, not some cheap processed deli meat.Cheese also perfectly melted. MMMM every bite seriously.And I was pretty full. I got an ice coffee with this meal too... usually love Cuban coffee... this was decent but nothing mind blowing.Though, it was satisfying enough for me to drink black. I'm usually not a black coffee drinker, but when I enjoy the flavor I will drink black, and this was almost there.It has been said way too many times... potato balls and cheese rolls are super popular and are my favorite baked goods. I like the Apple Turnovers and Guava Cheese as well, but that was in the glass where I was ordering.To reheat potato balls at home, I usually just turn a pan up on high, and just keep flipping till it gets a little toasty. Love the crispy outside and potato-y inside.It does get REALLY busy in here. And parking can suck - but I got lucky. Don't expect to make a quick trip here... I mean, seriously, look at how many yelp reviews/stars it has...", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Andrew N.", "time": "11/4/2013"}, {"content": "I've only been here once while on a trip to SoCal with my family, and once was enough to entice me. Their baked goods were so yummy! Since we don't go down to SoCal very often we decided to try a little bit of everything. The guava strudle was perfectly crispy and the inside was filled with a rich guava jam. The chocolate croissant was also quite delicious! Their avocado and egg breakfast on a toasted croissant was also very good, I forgot the exact name of it. I definitely recommend visiting Porto's while in SoCal!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Natalie G.", "time": "1/5/2015"}, {"content": "Cheese Rolls are to die for!! Yummy pastry filled with cream cheese with sugar crystallized on top for a crunch, so good. Also had the guava cheese pastry which was a good balance of creamy and tart and sweet. The beef potato balls are the best I've ever had, the outside is perfectly crisp with well seasoned beef inside. The lechon roasted pork sandwich had potential, it was yummy meat and bread, but there was no sauce or anything to add flavor and tie it all together.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Alexis A.", "time": "1/4/2015"}, {"content": "Frugal person's dream. 3300+ people have already said everything I wanted to, so that's all I have to say. Cheese rolls, guava cheese strudels, sandwiches are AMAZING!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Richard K.", "time": "2/28/2014"}, {"content": "Potato balls, cheese rolls, and meat pies are all the best! \u00a0Also, you can't beat the quality and price of their cakes....my favorite is the tres lesches cake and you can get a sheet which feeds about 20 people for only $23!!! \u00a0Can't beat that for an AWESOME cake. \u00a0If only they had a location on the West Side! \u00a0Then again it probably would no longer be a $23 cake :)", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Christine D.", "time": "10/14/2013"}, {"content": "The only bakery I've ever been to that needs a door person to work the entrance on weekends. Any friends or family that come to LA are going to Porto's at least once whole they're here. From the carrot apple muffins to the baked ham and cheese croissants, Porto's is probably the single place I'll miss most when I finally escape from LA.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Jeff S.", "time": "8/5/2015"}, {"content": "Unless you're purchasing a lot of pastries (only) and big cakes, go straight to the express lines. It's not really a line because you'll appear to be cutting in front of everyone and going straight to the cash register, but not to worry, you aren't. Price is very cheap so expect to carb up. For savory: Turkey sandwich on a croissant roll: The croissant is not overly buttery like most and does not overpower the taste of the turkey sandwich. It tastes very light, fresh and delicious. Chicken Empanadas: Although it may appear super dry and carb-y at first, the flavors will surprise you after you bite into it. The empanada is not too doughy, but actually very flaky. Perfect texture of flaky crust and warm chewy chicken filling inside. Potato Balls: They're known for these. Crunchy on the outside and creamy potato on the inside filled with ground beef. The only bad thing about this is that if you do not eat it quickly it will get cold very easily and it won't be as tasty. Chorizo Pie: It's okay, but not as flaky and tasty as the chicken empanadas. Ham Croquette: Delicious. It's like a potato ball covered ham stick. Sort of. But get it, it's good. For sweet:Cheese Rolls: Basically tastes like a cheesecake in a crunchy, flaky, pastry. Sweet but not overpowering sweet. This is probably why everyone gets these. Guava Cheese Rolls: This is similar to the cheese rolls but has a hint of guava filling. Delicious. Fruit Tart Cake: I believe they are known for this as well. It's a big custard tart (cake) covered with fruits- apples, grapes, peaches, strawberries, blueberries, and more. It's a must get for a group.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Daniela L.", "time": "8/25/2013"}, {"content": "Seriously, some of the best desserts you could ever eat in your entire life. And the savory food is just as delicious. There isn't a HUGE line for no reason! I always try to go there when I'm in the Burbank area.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Steve M.", "time": "1/18/2015"}, {"content": "Sweet pastries aren't normally my thing... however, savory pastries are definitely another story.Came at 3:00 on a Tuesday afternoon and the place was packed. Got to the front of the line and ordered a TON of goodies to try and to take home.Roasted pork sandwich - 4 stars. The pork flavor was good, and for $5 this thing was humungous. Definitely a 2 mealer.Potato balls - 4 stars. Delicious! Deep fried mashed potatoes with meat inside. What's not to love?Chicken croquettes - 4 stars. Again, deeped fried potato with chunks of chicken inside. Definitely full of flavor.Meat pie - 4 stars. Flakey pastry with chunks of meat inside. The meat is different from the potato balls (which is ground beef I believe) but equally as tasty.Cheese roll - 2 stars. Everyone loves these things, but personally I'm not a fan. It's just like a cheese danish I could get anywhere else.Guava and Cheese roll - 2 stars. Not a fan of sweets. So didn't really like this one either.Overall, my experience at Portos was a good one. I'd bump it up one star for the extremely affordable prices. However, it left me with an EXTREMELY greasy and uncomfortable feeling for the remainder of the day (and the next. Yuck)4 stars!!", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Michelle L.", "time": "2/17/2012"}, {"content": "The hype is real people! \u00a0This food is grub at it's finest and the prices are stupid cheap...this place must be some kind of front for illegal arms trading or whoever sets the prices hasn't bothered to update them since 1965 because the bill will not suck! \u00a0This is food that looks like a 5 on the outside but it's a 10 when you dig in...sneaky!! \u00a0You're totally unprepared for the level of flavor you'll experience from a cookie to a flippin' potato ball...who expects a tator tot looking thing to be so darn tasty? \u00a0It's crack I tell ya...something is fishy here...food just doesn't taste this good for this cheap but who cares...let's eat!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Z S.", "time": "1/3/2015"}, {"content": "We were referred here for lunch after our studio tour at Warner Brother's and it was outstanding! \u00a0Caesar salad, turkey croissant, plantains, and strawberry shortcake for dessert. \u00a0Hands down the best food we had on our CA vacation...excellent!!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Lisa C.", "time": "2/18/2015"}, {"content": "Good Stuff", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Cozy H.", "time": "12/20/2014"}, {"content": "Place was PACKIN'. I went around 1, hoping the lunch rush would be over but nope lol wasn't too bad though. The facility was clean, nice, and the baked goods was awesome. Not overpriced, but not cheap either. This is definitely a great gift to get people.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Jason H.", "time": "12/19/2014"}, {"content": "My wife took me here after reading some friends' Facebook checkins. The food here is good. I had a guava and cheese strudel and it was awesome. The potato balls were moist and tasty. Yummy. Wish we had one in the Bay Area.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Richard G.", "time": "11/12/2014"}, {"content": "It's my officemate last day & need to bring something for him. \u00a0We decided to buy a cake, everybody loves it. \u00a0The line was so long, but it's worth it. \u00a0Yummy!!!!", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Elsa G.", "time": "8/19/2015"}]