[{"content": "Not only does Porto's provide quality food but they also provide amazing customer services. I would definitely recommend the place for any afternoon drink and delicious bakeries", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Kevin Z.", "time": "7/12/2016"}, {"content": "Yelp says Vegetarians Love this place. This must be a poor joke on Vegetarian Yelpers. The insensitive and meat loving manager herself , proclaims proudly that every food has meat in it.Vegetarians/Vegans Beware ! This place has very poor signage on food item ingredients. Most of the food items have meat or meat products in them. The staff is very ill equipped and busy to bother about informing customers. The manager is very indifferent and insensitive about vegetarians visiting this place by brushing off complaints as \"this is Cuban food\"There is confusion about the spicy cheesy potato ball and he potato ball. Both items are placed side by side and the potato ball had ground beef in it and this is not mentioned at the menu board. This place needs to be brought into the 21st century!", "rating": "1.0 star rating", "name": "Yellow S.", "time": "4/17/2016"}, {"content": "This place is beyond amazing. It's always poppin' here with a long line but service is fast & efficient; they always get the order right. The food is fresh, delicious, & almost everything is buttery/flaky goodness. I always get the chicken empanadas & today I tried the turkey croissant sandwich, my friend got the milanesa sandwich, & my boyfriend got a marinated steak sandwich. We also tried the potato balls, horchata smoothie, & various desserts--the carrot cake is INCREDIBLE: moist, cold, nummy. I couldn't be happier with Porto's & it is a must for every visitor or resident of LA.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Jasmine B.", "time": "10/12/2015"}, {"content": "Porto's Bakery - I want to love you. I appreciate your wonderful prices. I envy the long lines outside. I enjoy the amazing aromas, seeping out the front door. I like the people sitting along Magnolia, indulging in your food... So, I kindly ask... can you please offer some Vegan options? Vegan Cookies? C'mon... Vegan Breads? I was told all of them have an egg wash... Is it true? Please... Even the Pizza place across the street offers Vegan cheese. And, Healthy Bites down the block has several Vegan selections. Porto's... please.... please.... : )", "rating": "3.0 star rating", "name": "Isabel S.", "time": "6/18/2016"}, {"content": "I'm pretty sure that there will be a Porto's Bakery in heaven. \u00a0Second time we've eaten here and the food is so delicious - I kept saying \"oh my gosh\" after every bite. \u00a0Loved the regular and spicy cheese balls and the chicken empanada - even the green salad was especially tasty. \u00a0And the dulce de leche kisses are to die for. \u00a0Too much temptation for one person! \u00a0The scramble ordering is hectic but I put up with it because the food is so good.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Cindy D.", "time": "6/18/2016"}, {"content": "There are too many good things to say about Porto's. The food is awesome! Everyone that works there couldn't be nicer! The deserts are amazing! And the greatest thing about his place is the prices!!!! I literally eat here 3 times a week and yet to have have a problem. I highly recommend the turkey croissant. Oh and I don't know what they do but their rice and black beans are the best I've ever had. Seriously why does it taste better here then anywhere else?", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Ryan D.", "time": "4/16/2016"}, {"content": "Do I have to write anything? \u00a0I'm sure most will agree Portos is delicious. \u00a0Nothing I've tried so far has disappointed. \u00a0I recently got their new banana split milkshake and it was amazing!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Yvette V.", "time": "6/25/2016"}, {"content": "I recently was visiting the area and I was assisted by a young lady named Jessica. She was friendly and helpful choosing a cake. Being that it was my first time here I asked her to suggest something else and she recommended cheese rolls. She was super helpful with great customer service skills and would be back for more!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Liliana C.", "time": "5/30/2016"}, {"content": "What is there not to love about Porto's? \u00a0Don't let the lines intimidate you. \u00a0The lines move fairly quick and it's worth the wait. \u00a0I always change it up from what I order each time I come to Porto's. \u00a0Love how there's so many options to choose from such as soups, salads, cuban sandwiches and pastries to fresh juices. \u00a0The cheese rolls, feta spinach crossant, the ropa vieja sandwich, mango smoothie and fresh squeezed orange juice are my top favorites. \u00a0I've also tried the:chicken noodle soup = heartyclam chowder = lots of clams and small bits of potatoespotato balls = has a curry meat tastepastrami sandwich = a bit saltyturkey croissant sandwich = very goodtuna melt sandwich = very cheesyveggie sandwich = love the eggplantchocolate croissant & red velvet cupcake = fresh and deliciousIn other words, you won't be dissapointed with anything you try here at Porto's.There's plenty of street parking and a parking lot in the back of the store. \u00a0If you come minutes before they close, you might not be able to go in and order but, the workers guarding the door might give you a bag of bread as a constellation on not getting Porto's.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Lin N.", "time": "5/15/2014"}, {"content": "Do I love this place? Yes.Do I love this place? Yes.Should I tell you about it? No.Why? The lines are already way too long and I am waiting for a second spot somewhere in the area... That's all that I have to say bad about this place. The food is amazing and even more amazingly fair priced. We always get several different types of pastry together with yummy sandwhiches and smoothies. Oh, also one of the only places where you can get fresh squeezed o-j. We love the potato balls, meat pies, ham croquettes, chicken croquettes (which remind my girlfriend of Brazilian coxinhas). We don't even need to say anything about the deserts because they capture you with the way they look and taste fantastic!The staff is super friendly and agile, the place is clean and every time is an awesome experience. The line goes pretty quick! It's actually incredible. My go to place with anybody when we are low on budget.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Christian J.", "time": "12/21/2015"}, {"content": "Awesome food, awesome people. But.....but......It's a freakin zoo inside!I feel like cattle everytime I go.But hey, it's damn worth it", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Armen M.", "time": "12/7/2015"}, {"content": "Pretty Great place though it is always crowded, often times too crowded. I've seen that line take 35 to 40 minutes during peak hours on the weekend. Considering the sheer volume of people, that's not horrible - but honestly, you reaaallllyyy have to feel like Portos to be able to wait that out. Reason why, however, is that it is a great spot to self-cater, for an office party or birthday or a potluck, literally nobody can be disappointed when you bring Portos. Sandwiches are great, the individual items are great, and the desserts are solid. Really, the only complaint is the weight but you know what they say about patience. . .", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Evan L.", "time": "9/5/2015"}, {"content": "I frequent Portos a lot and I've been coming to this Burbank location for years. I usually am satisfied with the customer service provided to me but this last visit I was completely blown away. It was a busy night and I had a large order as I was having a party at my house with a few Portos fans so I wanted to stock up. A young man by the name Jose S helped me and he was AMAZING. He was able to remember my whole order and was so kind to me. He made my experience so much more enjoyable. I really appreciate his kindness and effectiveness.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Veronica O.", "time": "6/8/2016"}, {"content": "Supper bakery but there is one problem, you have to stop eating so much so you won't become fat as hell! Also you can order cakes which are very delicious and expensive. I had to work for a month to order a cake for my wife's birthday. After all I ate it all by myself for a month because no one in my family were willing to eat it. But not because the cake was but, it's because it was sweet and big. To be serious, I recommend this bakery to everyone. It definitely deserves 5 stars.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Roman G.", "time": "5/27/2016"}, {"content": "When it's all said and done, the one thing Porto's truly excels at is business...this restaurant is a well-oiled machine that knows how to make a serious profit and build an enormous loyal, frenzied following.Their potato balls are delicious, and unique. \u00a0Rarely have I seen an item like this on a menu anywhere in the states. \u00a0But they are no more pleasurable to the palate than the mozerrella sticks or chicken fingers you find at a decent bar. \u00a0The Oreo smoothie was also a pleasure to consume...but then again, no more pleasing to the palate than an Oreo mcflurry at McDonalds.The pastries I tried: chocolate croissant and chocolate chip cookie were, again, nothing sensational.The greatest disappointment of all was the Cubano sandwich. \u00a0At the absolute best, I'd rate this sandwich a 2 out of 5 stars, but only if I was super hungry. \u00a0Furthermore, it has now been revealed to me that many of my friends who couldn't say enough good things about this sandwich, in fact, have incredibly poor taste and low standards...or maybe they've just never had a good Cuban sandwich. \u00a0You think I'm joking? \u00a0If you're ever in Denver, CO, go to a restaurant called Steuben's and try their Cuban sandwich. \u00a0Porto's should take note.I've heard their cakes are good.The service was terrific considering how slammed they were and, again, these folks know how to run a restaurant. \u00a0They earned their 3 stars there.Worth a visit, but don't expect to be blown away by their food. \u00a0Very average. \u00a0Ignore the hype and popularity of the restaurant while eating their food and you'll see what I mean. \u00a0Imagine experiencing the same tastes at an unpopular hole in the wall that no one's heard of.", "rating": "3.0 star rating", "name": "Tommy D.", "time": "3/29/2015"}, {"content": "If you are planning to visit or move to Los Angeles, there is one place that you MUST bookmark on your Yelp App or whatever program that you use. Better yet, add it to your contact list. Although there are over 3500 Yelp Reviews, my review confirms that this is one location that you have to stop by. Let's go to Los Angeles' iconic, Porto's Bakery.Located on the southeast corner of Magnolia and Hollywood Way, you'll find the busy, but demanding bakery. How you'll recognize if its Porto's?! You'll see people with bags coming out and people in the masses ordering food for their friends, family, and more importantly, FOR ME! There is parking, but very limited. Your best method is to park on Hollywood Way. You can cross on one of the pedestrian walkways or use the traffic light. I am sure the City of Burbank put that pedestrian walkway because lots of people are so excited to get some delicious food before even thinking about their lives. I guess Porto's is to die for!When you walk in, there are two areas that you can go to. The left side are for the hot food items and the right side are the infamous Porto's Bakery items. To be honest, I have never been to the left side. I can walk in blindfolded and know where the line starts and zigzag to the counter. If you are going to complain about the line...DON'T! I enjoy looking at what others are ordering from the boxes of pastries to other customers sampling specials. Lots of things going on. Expect to be in line for 10-15 minutes, but its going to be worth it. There is a cake section too, but the line is as equal because people want to celebrate their EVERYDAY BIRTHDAY!Since I am a regular, I know other regulars know that one item that Porto's is known for is: The Cheese Rolls! I wasn't getting the normal 10 Dozen Boxes ($7.98 per dozen). Just one dozen for a friend. If you've tried regular cheese rolls, the flavor has nothing compared to Porto's. Porto's production and profit is probably 40% from Cheese Rolls. Let's just have Porto's turn into a 24hour store and its late night service is just dedicated to the graveyard Cheese Roll service :-)In addition to getting Cheese Rolls, there is one other item that you might as well get. Its the Potato Balls ($0.90 each)! Do I have to describe the meaty in a potato ball goodness? Good, I don't have to. If you just grab one or two, you just wasted a trip to Porto's. Also, don't grab a Potato Ball that is cold, make sure its HOT! You'll add a couple more minutes to your wait, but you'll most likely get a sample of something. By the time, I checked out, it was 11:45am and my receipt says Customer #1735 on a Sunday. I can't imagine what the numbers are at the end of the day....or the YEAR!That's what I usually get. Cheese Rolls and Potato Balls. Sometimes, I may get a meat pie, red velvet, or a cheesecake. Grrr....I know my review will be buried in the thousands, but like I mentioned, this is one place that you have to stop by every couple of weeks. If you are visiting outside of Los Angeles, make sure you stop by and take something home. If you are coming from another country, you better enjoy every minute at Porto's. You may have something like this there, but it sure is not Porto's!You think I write too much? Well, you can call me a Yelp-O-Holic!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Ryan M.", "time": "4/27/2014"}, {"content": "Best. Bakery. Ever. Not only are the sandwiches and pastries amazing! Everyone has to try the potato balls and anytime anyone needs a celebratory cake, this is the place to go!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "C. Vincent T.", "time": "4/9/2016"}, {"content": "I'm a fruit tart kind of gal. So that's what i usually order, it's been the best I've tried!For my boyfriend's birthday i decided to go with carrot cake(his favorite). OMG i fell in love!!As everyone else did also. Their cakes are amazing.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Jessica V.", "time": "2/3/2016"}, {"content": "Hey this place is pretty cool!Went there first time with sisters...Heck I've never even heard of this place until sister mentioned her sister in law comes here when they're in town.When you first get there, it can look intimidating. It is the most biggest bakery place I've ever seen! But after you get in line, it goes pretty quickly. You have a guide there and he/she checks to see which staff is available to assist next and points you to them. Before you know it, you may end up with more than you need because your eyes are too greedy and see all kinds of delicious goods. I don't care if I'm not making any sense right now but it is the thought of these bakery goods that makes me want to hop in the car and drive down to LA for some desserts! Okay maybe on our next road trip! :)", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Chai W.", "time": "12/18/2015"}, {"content": "I love Portos! Everything is fresh and fantastic! The sandwiches are excellent and the bakery is amazing. They could be charging so much more for the baked goods but they sell so much that they are able to keep the prices fair and the patrons coming back again and again.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Christina S.", "time": "6/6/2016"}]