[{"content": "My boyfriend and I came here around 2 on a Sunday evening. Even though I kinda figured that the place might be packed, I was surprised how fast the line was moving. Porto's is definitely worth the wait, no doubt about it. Together, we bought 6 boxes of a dozen cheese rolls and the mango smoothie. I've never had a smoothie w whipped cream before? Didn't taste so different and the smoothie wasn't that great. We didn't get so much of a variety so our order was fast and easy. If you're unsure, definitely take a glimpse of the menu and know what you want before you're up next. Good and fast customer service, pretty interior design of the place, clean bathroom. I will come back!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Bup N.", "time": "3/3/2015"}, {"content": "If you want baked goods in LA this is one of three places to go that are the best!!! The others being Porto's in Glenn Dale and Downey. Everything from Pastry, Pies, Cakes and of course the PotatoBalls!!!! Breakfast and lunch is not a bad time here either. I am particularly enthusiastic with their Breakfast Croissant with Bacon!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Steven G.", "time": "3/3/2015"}, {"content": "Their potato balls are literal amazeballs. \u00a0So good! \u00a0I like the Burbank location. \u00a0Parking is not much of an obstacle, if you go during non-peak days/hours the wait isn't long at all, plenty of tables.I got the Cuban sandwich (okay) with fried plantains (okay), guava roll (alright), spinach and feta pastry (yum), and cheese roll (delicious).", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Lauren T.", "time": "3/5/2014"}, {"content": "I'm not going to say anything that is mind blowing or something you haven't heard yet about this destination bakery/eatery. Having been to Miami and being familiar with Cuban cuisine this is as great as it gets. In regards, to baked goods you will become hooked on the guava and cheese rolls. This is their signature item.Dining wise it will be a test of your patience because it's so crowded and they have to mechanize their well buttered machine. Believe me, it's worth the wait. Just be mindful about how long you linger because others will follow you.In regards to other goodies another staple is their Cuban sandwich. It echoes of my experience in Miami. If you're headed to So Cal and you're within a 50 mile radius do everything in your power to stop by this LA legend.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Patrick Gabriel L.", "time": "1/11/2014"}, {"content": "Everyone's said a million good things, so here's the recap:The line is very long, but moves very fast.Get the potato balls, chicken croquettes, and cheese rolls (with guava if you like). Get a lot of them. Service is also excellent.Enjoy!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Chuck N.", "time": "1/8/2014"}, {"content": "One funny thing is, I am actually diving into my Porto's box right now as I am typing this review. I have ALWAYS heard such great things about this place but never had the chance to pay a visit until my SoCal vacation this previous weekend. I was actually so excited to visit Porto's that I was even hardcore Yelping and planning beforehand on what pastries I should buy before I even get there (Yep, I'm a crazy foodie...or just crazy).For a bakery, it was surprisingly so much bigger and extravagant looking than I expected. I swear I'm not exaggerating, but I seriously feel like the outside looks like one of those really expensive Michael Kors or Coach stores. On the inside, there are two to three different sections of the bakery: one features drinks, another features pastries, strudels, crossaints, etc, and the last section has beautifully decorated cakes. I can safely say that there will always be a long line for these delicious treats, but the worker who helped me assured me that the long line that I saw with 50 people was NOTHING close to what they usually deal with on an everyday basis.So traveling all the way from NorCal and constantly being deprived from this deliciousness, I went pretty crazy with my credit card and bought $70 worth of bakery confined into 10 boxes. The worker that I had, Ahlyssa, was very helpful and patient with my order. If I actually lived in SoCal, I already know for a fact that I'd be going here on a weekly or monthly basis.I'm sure that all of the things that Porto's makes is delicious, but these are a few that I HIGHLY reccomend:- meat pies (I was crying tears of joy)- guava cheese strudels- potato ballsSo what are you doing still reading this review? Get going in your car and go to your nearest Porto's! :)", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Michelle S.", "time": "11/26/2014"}, {"content": "I love their cakes, pastries, sandwiches, shakes, and everything their magical hands create for my hungry pleasure!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Catherine C.", "time": "1/31/2015"}, {"content": "Fantastic desserts in a high class setting. Very much recommend the cheesecake. You wont regret it! Mmm...", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Dwayne B.", "time": "5/1/2016"}, {"content": "DELICIOUS!! Potato balls are so good. Also my favorite cake is he chocolate mouse one!!! Omg it's heavenly. The cheese rolls are very very delicious! It's a must try! You can't leave the place without having a cheese roll. The breakfast sandwiches here are delicious as well. My favorite lunch here is the tuna sandwich. Mouth is watering as I am typing this. Can't go wrong with any thing you get here. Everything is so darn delicious. Only bad thing is the line, but it moves quickly and it's worth it.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Parveen D.", "time": "6/12/2015"}, {"content": "After reading all the great reviews I was excited to finally try their pastries above all! \u00a0Their guava and cheese danishes along with cheese rolls lived up to all the hype, they were amazing! I love that even though they're insanely popular their prices remain affordable. I only have 3 complaints. First off, my friend and I both ordered chicken croquettes, but we got completely different pastries. I guess depending on who you ask they have different opinions on what's what? Also I ordered a large coffee for $4 and got what looked like a medium cup. It was roughly the same size as a Grande at Starbucks. I thought they gave me the wrong size cup so I asked on of the workers and sure enough that \"medium\" cup was the largest they had. Very disappointed with that considering how thirsty I was! Lastly, their quesadilla pastry was very dry! So beware. Other than that delicious pastries. HUGE selection!", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Mayra S.", "time": "9/28/2015"}, {"content": "This is my go to food place. The only thing that's stressful about this place would have to be the parking and trying to find a spot to sit in the seating area. Another thing that I haven't liked recently has been that the food will be cold and I'll be home already so it's annoying to go all the way back there and tell them that my potatoes balls are fridge temp. And the other day they forgot my creme bulee on the counter and I had to drivee back when I got to my house and noticed that it wasn't there.Other than that the lines may look long but they don't feel long. I've had almost every item on the board and on the shelves. Some of the sandwiches I'm not a big fan of but that's just because I'm picky. They have great customer service here also, when they aren't leaving your food on the counter. The cakes here are delicious and such a good price for the quality and quantity of the product. if I could have breakfast here every morning I certainly would:)", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Amber K.", "time": "10/13/2015"}, {"content": "Food is good. Service is good. Parking is a big problem! Long lines to pay for your order. This is a large facility but they never seem to have enough tables available for everyone.I've visited this place a couple of times because my friend likes their menu, but after I experienced the above mentioned issues I realized the food is not worth it.", "rating": "3.0 star rating", "name": "Monna C.", "time": "1/1/2015"}, {"content": "So good but so busy!! Usually get bday cakes from here. Parking available in the back and sometimes the street. Although I do prefer the Glendale location.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Jack J.", "time": "7/8/2015"}, {"content": "Im been craving for some porto's pastries for our ride home to san jose. this is our second time here, so we decided we would go bigger this time lol! the guy that was helping up pick our pastries was really cool. i asked him if certain pastries was good and he let me try them! while waiting for my husband to pick out the rest of our order, he gave my 6 month baby a cookie which i ate lol. after paying $65 for our pastries, i asked the cashier guy for a cup of hot water so i can make my daughter a bottle. he said no and that it would be .50 cents. you would think that after spending a lot of money on pastries, a cup of hot water wouldn't be a problem. i didn't have .50 cents and we had already paid for our order with a CC. the guy that was helpng us with our pasteries gave the cashier a look, like what the heck really? he takes out .50 cents from his pocket n pays it for us. my favorite wold have to be the cheese rolls. they were esp good when i heated up in the microwave. yum!.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Nhi N.", "time": "3/29/2015"}, {"content": "Not sure why I haven't reviewed Porto's before now. \u00a0Probably because it didn't seem necessary with all the love it has already been receiving due to the fact that it is completely amazeballs!! What could I possibly add about the potato balls that hasn't already been said? \u00a0Truly, they could be considered a delicacy - and for under $1 a piece...insane!Yes to the guava and cheese rolls, the meat pies, the chicken croquettes, and even MORE YES to the dulce de leche kisses. \u00a0The sandwiches are super tasty too, but for me it is definitely more about the snacks - both savory and sweet.Also, big props to the staff for always being friendly, attentive, and speedy! \u00a0The 20-30 person line I find myself waiting in every time never seems to feel longer than 10 minutes. \u00a0Sigh. \u00a0Porto's, your awesomeness is devastating.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Erin O.", "time": "2/28/2014"}, {"content": "I absolutely love Porto's Bakery. I've been going to Porto's for nearly 10 years. I honestly prefer the Glendale Porto's. The potato balls are much larger at Burbank, however the flavor is not the same. Also, the meat pies do not taste the same as they do at the Glendale Porto's which is unfortunate, because I absolutely love them. There is always a huge line coming here, and it is quite a long wait. The desserts are delicious, my favorites being the tres leches cake, chocolate chip cookies, strawberry shortcake. I also love ordering the banana chips a.k.a mariquitas with extra garlic dipping sauce. I love the fresh baked bread, most especially the sour dough and wheat loaf. My husband loves the cheesecakes, mango mouse, etc. You really can't go wrong with anything here. Prices are really cheap, considering it's Burbank. The plus side is the parking is free compared to Glendale. Come hungry.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Aimee T.", "time": "1/18/2015"}, {"content": "Portos is the absolute BESTTTTT!!!! I go easily 3-4 times a month. Unfortunately the last time I went was not the normal 5 star experience. The cashier, Elizabeth, was extremely rude and unfriendly when we asked to have our pastries in a separate box. I wanted to speak to a manager but I was in a rush and had to go. If I didn't already love portos and experience it's great service, I'm not sure if I would return to this location.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Shannon L.", "time": "4/27/2016"}, {"content": "Go in with the intent for a single Danish, and leave with 10 pounds of pastry for $12.Exceeds the hype.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Eddie C.", "time": "10/11/2015"}, {"content": "Love this place! \u00a0Super friendly staff, great food! Everything's good. \u00a0Never disappoints! Potato balls, empanadas, sandwiches, and deserts are all delicious!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Michael L.", "time": "9/10/2015"}, {"content": "Great service for being busy the line passed by fast and the food was excellent the prices aren't bad either I would recommend this place for brunch first dates or any occasion to eat", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Alexandra D.", "time": "7/12/2015"}]