[{"content": "I love porto's potato balls and cheese rolls. Just LOVE. My coworker, who's a LA native introduced me to this place and I've been crazy about it ever since. All my family and friends know if they go to LA, the common courtesy is to bring me some Porto's back. Let's talk about the potato balls/papa rellenas-must have. The meat is well seasoned coated by some mashed potatos then coated by a thin layer of bread crumbs. They also have spicy cheese potato balls. Pretty good too!Cheese rolls--delicious. They have guava + cheese too.I've had their cuban sandwhich, red velvet cupcake, banana chips---all good! You can't go wrong.The line is long, but it's fast and it is worth the wait. If the owners are reading this, PLEASE open a bakery in Norcal... or deliver.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Linda S.", "time": "8/16/2016"}, {"content": "IN LOVE! AFFORDABLE YET DELICIOUS Highly recommend the cheese rolls, guava cheese rolls, FRUIT TART, plantain chips, and the meat pies.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Kimberly P.", "time": "10/2/2016"}, {"content": "--- Short Synopsis ---One of the best Cuban bakeries I have been to and I live in Florida where Cuban places are a plenty. The pastries and sandwiches are just so delicious! Plus, there is a large variety of goods.--- Detailed Review ---From sandwiches to pastries and cakes and more, Porto's is bound to have something you will like!The pastries here are just so good!!! The popular guava cheese rolls are delicious. The meat pies are great! I love the slight sweetness of the pastry go contrast with its savory interior. The cheese rolls were amazing with the crunchy sweet exterior from the hard sugar. The chicken croquettes were delicious!! Just the combination of all the ingredients plus the crunchy exterior of the skin was awesome.The pan con lechon is down right delicious!! The pork is succulent and the bread is nice and soft. Plus there is some type of garlic butter on the bread that's just elevates it. And don't forget the pickled onions that provide a nice crunch and taste contrast to the juicy pork and soft bread. A great sandwich. I will be back to try more of Porto's delicious items.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Ash S.", "time": "4/28/2016"}, {"content": "Great place, great food. I'm a big fan, my request is to look into how you guys prepare \"Tres Leches\" cake. It was awesome before, top of of the notch but lately its been lame, dry cake. It's \"Tres Le he's it suppose to be milky, not dry. When its dry it doesn't taste as good. Thanks", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Bill R.", "time": "11/24/2016"}, {"content": "DON'T EVEN THINK TWICE, JUST DROP BY!!I don't get portos often but you bet your bottom dollar that I dream and crave it often! This is a wonderful eatery with amazing Cuban pastries, sandwiches, and drinks. When you walk in you'll be intimidated by the long...long...long... line but it's worth it. They have their system down and work very quickly to serve their customers. Some recommendations and my go-tos:- potato balls - cheese rolls- coffee- fresh fruit tartsThis is a wonderful treat you won't want to miss out on.- J", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Jess H.", "time": "9/7/2016"}, {"content": "Portos is the best Bakery period. \u00a0 \u00a0Amazing pasteries and it has a feel of Europe when you walk in. \u00a0 Something new and old everytime. \u00a0 Its not cheap but worth every penny for the homeade goodies.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Rocky H.", "time": "12/7/2016"}, {"content": "The potato ball and cheese roll / guava roll are TO DIE FOR! I wait in the ridiculous line (don't matter what time or which day) just to buy those 3 items! Can't leave the area without them!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Majes W.", "time": "10/24/2016"}, {"content": "Who doesn't love Porto's? Well, simple answer, some of the items we tried yes I loved, other items we did not. Would I come all the way here to eat potato balls and cheese rolls? If I am in that area I might, but I will not make a special trip all the way to Burbank for that. As far as Sandwiches goes, oh hell yes, I would drive 50 \u00a0miles to get to some of my favorite Sandwich places, Porto's is not one of them. One thing I noticed that most people rating this place on their baked goods, cakes, pastries etc...In that case, it is not a bad choice if you admire and love the little stuffed baked goodies they offer, oh yeah they are tasty and delicious. But if you are coming for the sandwiches, I have to say they are not as good as what other deli's and sandwich institution have to offer. For me, the sandwiches were just OK. The place is very busy, the the line moves fast. You wait your turn, order, if you ordered to dine in, they will give you any baked goods on the spot. If you ordered sandwiches or smoothies, they give you one of the GPS device to locate you and deliver your food to your table. We tried the following:===Pastrami Sandwich on roll=== 2.5 stars...This was as salty as it gets when combined wiht the mustard they are using. Chewy and fatty. This was highly recommended by friends, and I am about to let them know this was one of the worst Pastrami I ever had. ===Ham and Cheese===3 stars...Nothing was so special about this sandwich. Ham you can get just about any cheap deli. The bread bun was pretty good. Five Stars for the following:Potato balls...they were delicious, hot and creamyCheesy spicy balls...Very tasty, spicy, creamy and hotCheese Rolls...They were creamy, light and delicious....I really wanted more! Ham croquette...DeliciousBanana Chips...Very yummy, not greasy or oily.Guava smoothie...This was so refreshing, so creamy and delicious with topped whip cream.By the way, prices for balls are 99 cents and up.I really would have given them FIVE stars but the sandwiches did not do it for us. So I am being generous and deducting ONE star only.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Aj A.", "time": "8/8/2016"}, {"content": "Who doesnt love Portos... Perfect birthday cakes. Everytime I come here i want to tame the whole place. Gotta get the ropa sucia sandwich and mango smootie yummmy.Came today for my daughter's 3th birthday cake delicious as always.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Shirley Q.", "time": "8/17/2016"}, {"content": "Over all they take care of business and the pastries are delicious. The media noche sandwich is my favorite. The reason they lose two stars; is their NY cheesecake. I bought one the day before thanksgiving and it was horrible. It was not sweet and a couple of bites tasted like sour cream. Long story short, we tossed it in the trash.", "rating": "3.0 star rating", "name": "Jose E.", "time": "11/24/2016"}, {"content": "Not a good place to come if you are actually hungry and planning to eat there. Seating there is difficult to come by, at least when we were there. The lines just to order were ginormous. There is a line to order bakery items and another line to order food items, however we were told we could order lunch at the bakery side. The line itself moved fairly quickly for how long it was, but it took a ridiculously long time to get our sandwich. The pastries we had were delicious! The cheese rolls and fruit danish were very yummy, but the potato ball was just ok. The chicken empenada was very good, however the sandwich Pan con Lechon was completely flavorless. I am not sure what I was expecting, but I really thought it would have amazing flavor and sadly it had none.If I was just there for the pastries I would give them 5 stars. I would definitely go back for them, but I'm not sure I would try the other menu items. And I would definitely not go there if I were really really hungry like a hippo.", "rating": "3.0 star rating", "name": "Jessica N.", "time": "4/7/2016"}, {"content": "Psssst......You Wanna make cheap easy points in a business meeting?Porto's!Just bring in a mixed box of the cheese rolls, guava cheese rolls, and strawberry rolls.Who doesn't like Portos....okay besides someone counting points on a Weight Watchers regime??This newer outpost of the legendary Porto's is amazing. Always busy. Always consistently good. Always great prices.Check out all of your So Cal yelp buddies....you\"ll see them checkin in here all the time....and for good reason.If you have never been give it a try and you might just be a convert to the hypoglycemic rush hype!!!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "David G.", "time": "4/1/2016"}, {"content": "Best and cheapest restaurant in town!Must get the chicken Milanesa sandwich!!! \u00a0It will probably be the best chicken sandwich you've ever had. \u00a0And must get a few potato balls, a meat pie, and any desert.If you miss any of those you're missing out.Also consider getting a chicken croquet, and a chai tea, or Portos iced coffee or orange juice.We're locals and we eat here almost every weekend. \u00a0Wait till you see the bill at the end, cheaper than fast food but amazing quality, probably best quality.Eat at a fancy restuarant for cheaper than fast food.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Ariel F.", "time": "11/13/2016"}, {"content": "I'll make this short & as sweet as possible. I've known Porto's since this small hole in the wall bakery started in their Glendale days. I've always been a big fan of their productions. However when they started to expand I was sketchy of this. And it comes down to one simple phrase...\"Quality Vs Quantity\". I'll mention their highly known potato balls that WERE filled with a good portion of ground meat. This is the 3rd time in a row (separate visits) that the potatoes have lacked their fair portion of meat. And I always get their meat pies when I get the potato balls. Same results with their meat pies. See the trend coming. I'm praying \u00a0(yes I'm going there) this won't be the new \"thing\" now. Their pastries, however, have always been spot on. Parisian chocolate cake is the BEST! It's an amazing thing to see how this family business has developed & expanded. Wish them continued success. I'm going to contradict myself here now and would like to see them expand out near Santa Clarita area. Their interests or consumers would be expanded out towards the Antelope Valley.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Marip A.", "time": "11/2/2016"}, {"content": "Just happened to be in the Valley and stopped by this location in the evening. Although there is always a line, it moves really fast and it really gives you time to look at all of the yummy desserts and figure out what you want. I had an amazing veggie sandwich and of course 2 cheese rolls!! The potato and chicken balls are to die for but I'm a vegetarian now so I can only dream..Haven't had the cakes yet but they look amazing and I'm sure they are delicious! Love this place!!!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Share Y.", "time": "9/14/2016"}, {"content": "This place rocks!We had the Cuban sandwich, Italian sandwich, and steak plate and the potato balls, as well at like 5 different pastries. Cheese rolls are amazingCr\u00e8me br\u00fbl\u00e9e is amazingCheese cake was ahhh Cookies chocolate dipped strawberries. Everything thing we tried was delicious! Highly recommended!Best cafe in La!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Chris B.", "time": "10/4/2016"}, {"content": "Porto's has become a tourist spot. EVERYONE from Norcal has to come here and leav with many boxes of delicious desserts, pastries, and potato balls to bring home to their friends and family.I came here twice so far and everything I have tried was delicious. From their potato balls to pastries, to desserts and entree plates. There are so many to choose from! The prices are pretty cheap too so it's okay to stock up!At first, the long line might seem intimidating but it moves very quickly! Every worker seems very cheerful and helpful. They are knowledgeable in all the different things they sell and they are patient if you indecisive or if you are ordering a lot. Finding a seat is not too hard since the employees clean up the table fast. If you aren't in a rush, I suggest you try their sandwiches or entrees.Tip: Remember to make extra room in your car for your Porto's goodies! My mom asked to top the pastries on top of each other so the boxes won't fill up too much space in our car, but their policy doesn't allow us to do it!A few of my favorites:*Potato balls*Dulce de leche kisses*Grilled Citrus Chicken Breast plate (comes with rice, black beans, and sweet plantains)*Chicken empanadas*Strawberry shortcake", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Allie Y.", "time": "4/9/2016"}, {"content": "What can I say, the place is uber famous and the food speaks for itself. \u00a0The cheese roll is my favorite pastry from here and I can honestly eat like 5-6 of them before snapping back to reality. \u00a0The place can get really busy and parking is super hard to find. \u00a0They do get through the lines fast on account of them having like 50 employees running around. \u00a0Ive eaten Porto's food countless times and each time it has been consistent, fresh and the taste is without an equal. \u00a0I could go on and on about the different desserts but just put your phone down and walk in. \u00a0It's honestly that good.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Jacob S.", "time": "9/4/2016"}, {"content": "I know a lot of people love love this place but I think it's overrated. It's good I don't think it's worth the wait in line even though it does move relatively quickly. I've never had anything that was not good there but I just don't rave about it like everybody else.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Anthony T.", "time": "12/4/2016"}, {"content": "This bakery is by FAR in a level of its own. Nothing compares to it.Every pastry looks and better yet tastes amazing. After you come here you will see why people drive how far they do to get here. I live in West Hills which is on a good day about 30 minutes from this place, and If i'm in the mood, that 30 minutes means nothing to me. There are literally so many options here for baked goods I advise trying a sample box so at least you can try as many as you want and get a favorite down for all the other times you WILL come. They serve sandwiches, smoothies and coffee's and things as well which are amazing on their own, but are known for their sweets. Come early unless you want to wait in line, there always is one, but their service is so good they make the wait pass quickly. They open at 6:30 Monday - Saturday and at 7:00 on Sundays. they stay open till 8:00 most nights as well.TIPS - \u00a0 Try the chocolate croissants!!! \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0Prices are amazing, so load up and freeze some for another time. They will last for a while in the freezer.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Colin W.", "time": "4/18/2016"}]