[{"content": "Review for Breakfast only:Not much in terms of their breakfast menu, I tried the guacamole, cheese, and egg sandwich. It was bland and needed something more in it. Good TIP: order a regular sandwich and replace it with egg to make it a breakfast sandwich! Much much better choices and I'm sure it will taste much better than their original breakfast menu item. My cousin ordered a feta cheese sandwich with egg and she really liked it. Cheese rolls: don't know what the fuss is all about for these but it was just \"okay\". It's more sweet and creamy than cheesy, and because of the name I expected it to be a cheese roll and not a sweet roll. Employees and service: great system at the Burbank location, lines were super long but it went by fast. Parking was still difficult as always.I want to come back and try their desserts and lunch sandwiches since I heard they are much better than their breakfast. I'll update when I do...", "rating": "3.0 star rating", "name": "Lena P.", "time": "12/3/2012"}, {"content": "OMG! So delicious! This is one of my favorite places to eat in the greater LA area. Very affordable with sumptious food worth tens times the value paid. I have to go to Porto's once a month just to satify my craving for potato balls and guava cheese pastries. They make the best cakes and pretty much everything else on the menu.I would suggest parking in the parking lot just behind Porto's off of California instead of trying to find parking on Brand. You may encounter a long line, but it goes very fast. Consider the line a testament to how good the food is. If the food wasn't good, there wouldn't be a line.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "John K.", "time": "5/19/2014"}, {"content": "Love love love \u00a0!!! They're very busy bakery but the workers are amazing they get the line going! The bakery is more than good, the workers look good n they work hard & have a good attitude!!!I'm sure the line can be out the doors but I caught them on a good day, was out in 10 min. Gotta have their guayaba!!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Crystal D.", "time": "3/19/2014"}, {"content": "The cheese rolls are an obvious choice but what about the Cubano sandwich, the guava rolls,the meat pies, the cakes, and the endless selection of other treats?If only I had a bottomless stomach.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Lloyd B.", "time": "3/26/2010"}, {"content": "So hard not to love Portos. Easy to see why there's a line out the door. If you ever want to see a successful business model, hop into Portos. Food comes out quickly and prices are so very reasonable, practically a bargain. On this visit, I ordered a cubano sandwich. I was not disappointed. Really yummy bread for a great tasting sandwich, even cold. That says a lot. Just the right combination of pickles, mustard, cheese, ham, and turkey. Get in the right line and they'll move you along quickly and with a smile.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Doreen E.", "time": "12/2/2013"}, {"content": "3 things you need to know:1. hands down the best chicken sandwich i've ever had. \u00a0yes, i'm talking their standard chicken sandwich. \u00a0it reads super plain on the menu, but it's absolutely fabulous. \u00a0not only is the bread soft and fluffy, but the chicken is moist and perfectly accented with dijon mustard.2. to go sandwiches don't come with plantain chips! makes me super bummed bc i rarely ever choose to eat in (i'm always picking up pastries/sweets for parties and such instead) and they are sooooo good.3. the fruit tarts are absolutely beautiful and are guaranteed hits. \u00a0they come in two different sizes, priced at $15 and $21 - total steals!", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Jen K.", "time": "1/25/2014"}, {"content": "The only things this place doesn't do right? \u00a0They don't deliver and they close early. Seriously, I've had everything here from a lovely lunch (the Chicken Torta with extra goat cheese) to desserts (yumm the triple berry mouse) to large catering orders to cakes. \u00a0They get everything right and I would bring anyone new to LA here. The best part? The prices are extremely reasonable which makes it possible to spend $20 on an entire box of pastries and lunch! \u00a0I think the apple strudel is like $.35.Being from Florida, I just love being able to have authentic Cuban food on this coast.If it's your first time there, make sure you try the potato balls and a small dessert and don't let the long lines deter you! \u00a0They move fast! \u00a0(But do know what you want by the time you get to the counter or the people behind you will hate you.)Enjoy!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Ali P.", "time": "10/22/2013"}, {"content": "Hands down my favorite bakery in Los Angeles! Every time I go the service is excellent and the food is terrific! Granted it is usually packed on weekends and it can be hard to find a table, but it's definitely worth it. In addition to the food being excellent, service is quick and friendly, the atmosphere is pleasant and the prices are ridiculously affordable. They have a huge variety of freshly made items in addition to the regular menu; I really enjoy the potato balls, several of the chocolate pastries and the sandwiches they offer. A must go if you're in the mood for a snack or a light meal and you want to keep it under $10. Check it out!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Didier C.", "time": "11/20/2012"}, {"content": "Believe the hype!!! Everything is delicious!! The potato balls, the sandwiches, the dessert - all to die for!!!!!!First time I went, stood in line, got a couple of things to eat and left. I got into my car, sampled one, and...ate everything. Got out, went back in, and bought some more. Times this process by a gazillion and you have Portos!!Soo delish!!!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Rose P.", "time": "3/15/2014"}, {"content": "Love this place. Great food and desserts. Service is outstanding. Definitely come here again.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Shani C.", "time": "8/28/2015"}, {"content": "They have the best carrot cake I've ever eaten in my life! And although it's always packed, the lines move pretty fast. You must be patient when it comes to the parking. The only bad thing about this place is that it's so far from where I live.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Adriana C.", "time": "1/26/2015"}, {"content": "Came here for lunch the other day someone greeted us at the door and pointed us to the right direction it was busy but line moved fast as always when we ordered our food someone helped find a table food came shortly after I ordered the bistec sandwhich something like that it was amazing I also took some potatoe balls and pastries to go.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Marina G.", "time": "3/14/2015"}, {"content": "I cannot tell you how yummy this place is. Potato Balls, Guava and Cheese, Cheese rolls, Chocolate Mousse.... All for a fair price. Don't let the lines scare you, it's worth the wait and goes super fast.Be careful, be very careful - it's a calorie pit. Definitely cheat day material.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Tresla M.", "time": "4/13/2014"}, {"content": "LA a couple of weekends ago (Martin Luther King Jr's b-day) made me mad! \u00a040 plus year old Botex Blondes giving me crap about taking pics of my steak next to them & tapping on my thigh, to horrible overly aggressive drivers that could have killed us cuz they stupidly cut you off, to how freaking long it takes you to get anywhere! \u00a0But, Porto's made me happy! \u00a0It was worth the drive on our last day from the hotel & dare I say worth my frustrations? \u00a0The bakery is big & very nice. \u00a0One side is the restaurant and one side is the bakery. \u00a0We went in the bakery line and the line was a teeny bit long but went by super quick. \u00a0The awesome lady helping me, Patricia told me that I came on a good day because this wasn't busy (in most places it would have been considered busy). \u00a0I asked her if she had a sample of their famous cheese roll and to bear with me because it was my first time at Porto's. \u00a0She gave me a sample (which was actually a whole cheese roll) that I shared with bf & we both were amazed by how yummy it was. \u00a0She was like, \"It's your first time...try this\" & she handed me a delicious flaky warm meat pie! \u00a0These girls know how to sell, but it also helps that like everything here is so damn delicious! \u00a0I went crazy what can I say, I mean Porto's is only in the LA area after all & I was sharing the wealth back home too. \u00a0I got 8 potato balls (I went back after we had our sandwiches & got more), 2 croissants, 1 chocolate croissant, 1 guava & cheese strudel, 6 cheese rolls, 2 chicken croquettes, 3 meat pies, 1 dulce cookie, and a pineapple empanada. \u00a0We also got a chorizo & egg sandwich and the pan de lechon to eat there. \u00a0Everything here is so good down to the fresh squeezed OJ! \u00a0You must get the pan de lechon with a good amount of moist roast pork if you want a sammie! \u00a0It seems like a lot of money but considering how good these treats were and how fresh everything was too, I spent about $40 for all this food, treats here are super cheap! \u00a0If you could only walk away with a couple things, I'd say the staples you must get are: the potato balls, the cheese rolls & the guava & cheese streudel. \u00a0If you love chocolate the chocolate crossaint is the best I've ever had with chocolate on both the inside and outside.If you haven't gone to Porto's you must when in the LA area! \u00a0It was worth the drive and worth taking two boxes as carry on to LAX and dare I say worth the trip to LA? \u00a0I'm so jelly LA that you have Porto's we need one up here. \u00a0I say replace Tartine with Porto's in the Mission in SF & I'd be a very very happy girl!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Cat C.", "time": "1/30/2012"}, {"content": "Huge Portos! This one is the biggest I've ever seen. The people are so fast and friendly. The coffee isn't as strong as starbucks but the pastrys are amazing. The potato balls and empanadas are goooooood! I love the chocolate cake here. Come here but park in the designated in the back. I almost got a ticket. :-)", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Downey R.", "time": "3/14/2015"}, {"content": "Whenever I'm in the area and have some time I come here and pick up some stuff. By some stuff I mean almost one of everything because everything looks really good. Their salty selection is okay (haven't tried the sandwiches yet though), I'm not as crazy about that as I am about their desserts. They have everythingggg, and all affordable. Last time I was here my mom custom ordered a cake in advance. We went in a special line. The other cakes coming out looked amazing! Ours was no different :)Parking's a little difficult because they have a really small lot. Usually we go to the Chase bank across the street and walk over. It's ALWAYS packed, but even when there's like 50+ in front, it doesn't take much waiting until it's your turn.Craving this place again! Definitely lives up to the hype.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Vanessa M.", "time": "6/23/2012"}, {"content": "Delicious! Every time I'm in Southern California I make a pit stop here. Almost every time someone wants me to bring some back. Potato balls and cheese rolls for everyone! Not only is it delicious it's cheap! I bought two potato balls, one fresh croissant, two cheese rolls and a slice of carrot cake. My total? 7 dollars and some change!Everything is delicious, the carrot cake was a bit too sweet but everything is amazing. I recommend the Cuban sandwiches as well! You can never go wrong with the daily special with a fresh squeezed orange juice. The lines and parking are outrageous but so worth it. They have a line for just sandwiches, just bakery items and just whole cakes. So it works out pretty well.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Mindy T.", "time": "11/5/2013"}, {"content": "I visit this place at least once a month to pick up some sweets for my mom who lives in the area. I usually pick up some essentials like the cheese rolls and guava pastries but from time-to-time I'll pick up something new and tasty looking. Today was no exception. I went ahead and chose their mango mouse, flourless chocolate cake and eclairs. While these were by default some great options, their pastries have fallen hard from what it once was not too long ago. Their large cakes are now uneven. Their Opera cakes are strangely flat and thin while their cake slices seemed to have been made in a rush. This would bring down their rating to 4 as taste definitely trumps presentation but not today. Their cheese rolls were misleading in that most of the cheese was outside the pastry while the inside was fairly hollow. Their flourless cake was dry and cakey almost like an overcooked brownie while their mango mouse filling was too sour to compliment the pastry. I asked the person taking my order if I could try these half crescent guava pastries I've never had and she stated that they did not give out free samples which opposed previous reviewers statements of free sampling. In addition, I ordered two sandwiches pan con bistec and a chicken torta. While they were both okay, the amount of meat was such a joke. I've had more meat from a 5pc chicken nugget meal than both sandwiches combined. The steak for the pan con bistec sandwhich was so tough, I had to chew for a good minute to swallow it. I suggest Porto's to step up their game and get some quality control on their products before people start paying attention and the hype dies down. To end on a high-note almost every person who has helped me with my order has been nothing but polite. But when I come in to order pastries to-go and $6-7 sandwiches, customer service will only go a long way (2 stars out of 5).", "rating": "2.0 star rating", "name": "Shantall M.", "time": "8/24/2014"}, {"content": "Always good food, service lacks a bit, they are always busy so be prepared to wait in a long line! \u00a0But if you have the time it's worth it.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Cal I.", "time": "12/18/2014"}, {"content": "I love this place. If you notice long lines, don't worry, they move rather quickly. That also shows how popular this place is. \u00a0Most of the menu is Cuban-inspired food but it is tasty and delicious. \u00a0A must try is their Potato Balls, but it is hard to eat just one. I have no self-control when I eat these, and probably gain a few pounds from one trip there. \u00a0Also, if you like moist pastries, the tres-leches cake is amazing! \u00a0I usually order potato balls and tres-leches cake for informal gatherings as finger-foods and dessert.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Stmy M.", "time": "4/8/2014"}]