[{"content": "Items Selected:Cuban Sandwich - Pork, Ham, Pickles, Cuban Spread, Cuban BreadChicken CroquettaHam CroquettaChorizio PieChicken and Vegetable EmpanadaCarrot CakeTres LechesFlorentineBaba au RhumCaramel EclairSally CakeGuava StreudelSweet CroissantDulce de Leche BundtAlmost universally celebrated for their Cuban Sandwich, Potato Balls plus a stunning array of pastries, Portos has withstood the test of time in a city where \"new\" often seems to be misinterpreted as \"best,\" and now with three locations spread throughout the Los Angeles Metropolitan Area including an enormous outlet in Burbank the only real questions when visiting are \"how hungry are you?\" and \"how long are you willing to wait?\"Busy from open to close, the draw entailing what seems like every age and race, arrival at Portos found the line nearly seventy deep on a Friday just before closing and with chaos controlled by queues plus a sort of \"traffic cop\" hostess the experience unfolded in a slow-moving march to the counter, options perused at varying distance on the approach before placing a sizable order to a young man who memorized it with ease.With most items immediately boxed or carefully wrapped while sandwiches require a short wait it was with luck that a table was secured in the jammed-packed dining room and tucking into hot items first both croquettas proved both creamy and oilless while the small handpie and empanada actually came across dry despite a good amount of filling and spice, likely the result of my late arrival and time underneath warming lights.Receiving the pressed Cuban just before snapping the last photos of dessert one is immediately struck by the use of a light yellow spread in place of simple mustard and offering a bit more subtlety by breaking tradition the pork duo is allowed \u00a0more room to shine amidst the melted cheese and pickle chips, those watching their salt intake best advised to avoid.Underwhelmed by a disastrous 'croissant' that eats like a dinner roll and Carrot Cake that is both dry and lacking in spices beneath frosting that speaks of little more than Crisco and Sugar it was onward to more intriguing desserts that the tasting progressed and beginning with a nutty Florentine dipped in chocolate Portos showed a knack for anything featuring caramel, the buttery bundt's soft crumb far more delicate than the popular chain based out of Nevada while the eclair's crisp choux showed signs of French skills that the croissant sorely lacked.Having enjoyed the Guava Cheese Danish in the past there was little doubt the jam-filled Streudel would perform equally well and expecting good things from the Tres Leches my assumptions of sweet, milky pudding was soon confirmed - the smallish round devoured in slow, smile-inducing bites.Intrigued by the \"Sally Cake,\" essentially a cinnamon crumble topped Blueberry Muffin with a surprising density of fruit, it was with the sopping wet Baba that the tasting concluded, the booze flavor admittedly a bit artificial but the intensity of sweetness and subtle almond notes more than enough to make me not care.", "rating": "3.0 star rating", "name": "Michael U.", "time": "1/19/2016"}, {"content": "It seemed so appropriate to make my 300th review one of our favorite places!It is such a rarity that we return to the same place more than twice and are just as impressed as the first time. Parking here can be painful, but with a bit of patience you will eventually find a spot. They do have a tiny parking lot however there is also plenty of street parking potential nearby. Upon entering this place, don't let the long lines scare you. They move swiftly and all the employees seem to have it all down. They are even in good spirit which is awesome considering I'd go crazy working at a place like this. There's two lines, one for cafe goods and one for pastry goods. There is a third line but that is only for full cake orders and nothing else. Seating here can be challenging but we opted to sit outside since the weather was decent. They do their best to keep everything flowing smoothly, trash emptied, condiments stocked and most important everything here is quite clean. On our most recent trip we ordered a few potato balls, chicken empanadas, cheese and guava pastries, chocolate croissant and a chocolate eclair. None of the above disappointed us. Even though I couldn't hear myself think inside this place, the person taking our orders and ringing us up was most patient. We'll continue to return here on our trips to SoCal!2016 Review #8", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Stephanie G.", "time": "1/19/2016"}, {"content": "Everyone knows Portos, and I been here a dozen times or so. The line was out the door, but the wait time was not that bad, maybe around 20 minutes. I usually park behind the building since there are designated spots for Portos customers, it's easier to get a parking spot, and it's less of a headache. The potato balls are famous, but I wasn't a fan. They are too overhyped!! I actually prefer the seasonal potato balls such as the seafood ones and the spicy cheese. The cheese rolls are a must try. Everyone I know loves them. Toast them up when your at home and it will taste different.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Daren L.", "time": "9/30/2015"}, {"content": "I honestly don't even know where to begin. Just.... wow. I don't live in the area, which is why it took me so long to finally find this place, but I finally made it out yesterday, AND IT WAS SO WORTH IT.First of all, this place is huge! I was expecting a tiny little bakery but it's like a factory! I went around 9am and there was plenty of parking in their parking lot behind the building. However, I would assume it gets harder to find parking later in the day. When you enter, there are two lines, one to the left that has sandwiches, and the right, which has pastries. I went in the line on the right, since I really wanted the pastries (but I will be back next time for the sandwiches!!!) There were about 20 people in line, but it went by really fast, and that's probably considered a \"short\" line. It was finally my turn to order and I didn't even know what to order, I really just wanted one of each thing.The potato balls with the cheese and peppers are amazingggggg, and personally I liked them more than the potato balls with meat. The guava/cream cheese pastry was heaven, too. But nothing beats the CHEESE ROLLS. Oh my gosh, it's now on my top ten favorite foods of all time now, and that is a huge deal. It's so freaking amazing. Just please order 20.I ended up getting $17.00 worth of pastries, and although that might seem like a lot, I wish I bought more, haha! My boyfriend loved the chorizo empanadas, and that is what the employee suggested I get. Must make my way back to Burbank soon solely for Porto's!!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Marian S.", "time": "7/23/2015"}, {"content": "Where do I start? If you are there for breakfast, coffee, lunch or a special occasion ...Porto's has got you covered. Good prices and delicious food...what more do you want? I suggest the potato balls, the cheese rolls, the guava rolls and the financiers (sometimes they are free while you wait for coffee). Their custom cakes are beautiful and tasty. Another tip, if you are just there for a beverage, skip the line on the left and go right to the first cashier to order.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Erik H.", "time": "11/6/2016"}, {"content": "I LOVE BALLS!!! Potato balls that is.Ah Portos.....you've captured my heart. Clearly they don't need another 5-star review but heck I gotta give it one anyways. Most people (including me) come here mainly for their delectable pastries such as their famous cheese rolls & guava-cheese strudels, but even little meat treats like their \u00a0potato balls and meat pies don't disappoint either. The cheese rolls are best when you take em home to toast, it's honestly such a huge difference from eating them unheated. The potato balls are DA BOMB! The meat filling inside its soft, tasty, gloriously seasoned with a burst of flavor and then there's soft mashed potato wrapped around it with a thiny crispy outer edge. Porto's balls in my mouth = heaven in my mouth. Wowie~ There's a pretty large cake selection too and honestly they're pretty good but nothing special. When at Portos, go for the pastries. The cherry on top? All the items are cheap (without sacrificing quality of course)! Most pastries are under $1... and let's just with $20, I got 2 dozens of cheese rolls, 6 potato balls, 6 empanadas, and 2 guava-cheese strudels. Sometimes it makes me wonder how do they even make a profit?!?!?! Jk, I know they definitely do, but wow. Quality goods at an unbeatable price. That is all.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Bells W.", "time": "2/5/2016"}, {"content": "As I sit here trying to describe this bakery, I honestly can not think of ways to describe this place and do it justice. This is hands down the best bakery I have ever been to. \u00a0Between all the sweet baked goodies, awesome sandwiches and blended smoothies / caffein drinks...words can not describe how great this place is.Not only is the food great but very moderately priced. \u00a0I will be at a training seminar in Burbank in the near future and I am not lying but telling you I will probably be coming here everyday. \u00a0Between wanting to try the breakfast sandwiches in the morning and a cup of Joe and pastry in the evening, I can't get enough of this place.Now with all that said, be ready for some seriously long lines. \u00a0Every time I have been here, the lines have been out the door. \u00a0As you enter the restaurant, you will noticed two lines, one going to the right and the other going to the left. \u00a0No need to worry on which one I choose, both lines offer the same thing. \u00a0Both lines are there to expedite the service.Please, if you are ever in the area, don't pass up on a chance to visit Porto's, you will not be disappointed.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "David S.", "time": "4/5/2016"}, {"content": "Crazy crazy wait time on Sunday mornings. So delicious though. We ordered a 6 potato balls and 6 guava pastries and was shocked at the total amount of money we spent. It was super affordable! We also got 2 sandwiches and a iced latte. Everything was delicious. The parking lot is a little bit crazy and you have to be patient though.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Angela J.", "time": "3/26/2016"}, {"content": "This place is soooo overhyped. We ordered a bunch of pastries to bring back to the Bay and before we hit the road, we had some sandwiches here. The cubano and the midnight sandwich were really tasty but I can't really say the same about the pastries. The guava rolls were good but they weren't amazing. Potato balls and croquettes were okay but I got kinda queasy from eating too many of them. Empanadas were really dry and chalky...The fruit tart was my favorite thing, it was really yummy and I wished I ordered another one.Once is enough for me, I'm not a fan. Definetely wasn't worth the 1 hour wait and lugging all those boxes of pastries back home.", "rating": "3.0 star rating", "name": "Kelly L.", "time": "1/16/2016"}, {"content": "Everything here is amazing. Especially the potato balls. I am almost willing to wait in the Sunday line for potato balls. But just know that the line gets long here and it can be super busy. I live nearby and I normally go when it is not busy but the food is worth the wait", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Kevin M.", "time": "10/31/2016"}, {"content": "This place is like heaven especially when you're craving something special. I love the food, menue, place and the friendly stuff. This place is well managed.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Kobe M.", "time": "11/5/2016"}, {"content": "I really liked this place , but after I got sick eating potatoes with beef \u00a0inside yesterday I don't know what to say ... I have been really sick since the last night , so this is what I think : you should get a better control how people manipulated the food or check what is good or not to sale !!!!! This is really serious and I'm not the only one sick is one more person sick for eat that potatoes yesterday \u00a0it's really sad", "rating": "1.0 star rating", "name": "Katerin P.", "time": "9/25/2016"}, {"content": "I stop here every time I'm in Burbank and it never disappoints! Don't let the long lines discourage you, they move super fast. Just make sure you know what you want when you get up to order to keep things moving. The guava cheese strudel, potato balls, and chicken empanadas are the best on the menu! Be sure you have enough space to bring several boxes home, you'll definitely want to order multiples of everything!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Anna B.", "time": "10/19/2016"}, {"content": "The line is long, but it's definitely worth the wait!It was my first time here and I wanted to see what the hype was about since everyone so I went with my friends' suggestions and based on what I see everyone always get. I bought the cheese rolls, dulce de leche, guava and cheese, and a mango smoothie. I have had a chance to take all these items and all I have to say is that I'm definitely going to make it a point to drop by a Porto's every time I'm within the area. I'll even go out of my way to get it! Everything was just so crispy and fresh when you get it that day and eat it. However, if you're going to bring it home, it's best to just reheat it in the oven for a few minutes and you'll get that same great taste!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Cassandra S.", "time": "3/8/2016"}, {"content": "I can't give this place enough stars. I love love love just about everything here. if someone were to ask what my favorite pastry is I would have a hard time choosing. their potato balls are amazing, the cakes (all of them to die for), they have a very tasty homemade type of chicken soup and their \u00a0pastries, we'll that would require a review all its own!I'm gonna stop now because I'm starting to crave it and I'm nowhere near a Portos right now.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Violeta V.", "time": "8/15/2016"}, {"content": "Had a two hour delay at Burbank airport so came by here, glad I did. Awesome Napoleons, had one. Tried a Cuban stuff potato, it was stuffed with cheese, red & green peppers and tons of other stuff, very satisfying if you don't try anything else do give these a shot you won't be sorry. Don't let the huge line scare you it moves really fast", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Abasin S.", "time": "8/14/2016"}, {"content": "The best Bakery I've ever seen... Anything they make is delicious with reasonable price. I love it.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Laleh M.", "time": "11/10/2016"}, {"content": "I have friends to tell me to come here and try this and try that. I thought it was just hype. So I was finally in the area and had to try. We ordered the potato balls as flan. The potato balls were amazing! It was an explosion of flavors. I did not know that it was filled with amazing goodness. I highly recommend grabbing 3 more than what you want because the drive home will definitely be pleasant with those. The flan was pretty decent too. Long lines lead to long waits. A negative was waiting in line and not knowing what was in the glass cases. The menus didn't do much help so we had to wait until we were actually up front. All in all a great place and will go back to try some pastries and cuban sandwiches.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Jeffrey B.", "time": "10/21/2016"}, {"content": "Sooo sooo good. Okay now to my review :) I just love Portos, I cant even begin to start with what I love because the list would be to long.This is a big place and parking is hard to find. Once you enter you see two long lines, they move rather quickly but you have to be sure you order fast because people don't seem to be patient, the customers I mean. It seems the staff is pretty trained to handle this fast pace.I just love their cheese roll and guava pastries, just so good. Their chocolate hazelnut besitos are just beyond amazing. I recently tried their potato and cheese balls, I was very surprised, ithey werent to potato-ey and the flavors really popped in my mouth. Great place with great food!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Saydie A.", "time": "11/10/2016"}, {"content": "As always.... Delicious, Perfection, Great Service & Belly Filling Items, if you have been living on another planet and have never been here. You must come try it one day, then you will simply be hookd and it will be automatic to visit this place.Enjoy greatness and deliciousness in one of their many locations through out the L.A. Basin", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Jose R.", "time": "3/8/2016"}]