[{"content": "Inexpensive prices.Decent Quality.Good locations.Usually good parking nearby.Long lines but they move fast.Reason it's 3 stars as opposed to 4 or 5 is simply that I prefer pastries/desserts that have texture, layers of flavors and some complexity. Porto's unfortunately does everything right but then puts on a lot of sugar flakes on top making it TOO sugary to the point where you can't taste the pastry anymore. If they simply didn't add the sugar flakes on top, it would be FAR better while possibly saving them however small the cost of sugar flakes on everything is. Unfortunately they prob don't hear this from most people as most people don't complain with too much sugar or salt.", "rating": "3.0 star rating", "name": "Josef H.", "time": "5/20/2013"}, {"content": "My bf always laughs at me because I get ridiculously overwhelmed by this place--to the point of anxiety. This place is freaking huge -- lots to choose from-- enough to warrant two counters, both of which constantly have swift moving lines out the door. The hours listed at the store are a bit confusing. It's open until 5:30 on weekends, even though the hours say 4 PM (which is the closing time on week days). Every pastry is impressive. Be careful, the potato ball is not vegetarian. The mango mousse is to die for. Delicate and the right amount of sweet. There's limited seating outside and tons indoors--the back is cafeteria style. The bread is fresh and coffee amazing. I recommend the Chai Latte, aromatic and delicious. Do yourself a favor and grab a cheese roll. Do one better and grab a GUAVA cheese roll too. I'm salivating thinking about them. The key to ordering in this hectic environment is to lock eyes with one of the servers behind the counter and pounce when it's your turn.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Ritika T.", "time": "1/28/2012"}, {"content": "Rundown- cheese rolls...guava rolls...so good!- long lines that go quickly. - efficient service, nice people- can get pricey if you keep ordering, so have a plan before getting your foodI have to say, for the massive line that I encounter when I enter the restaurant, it goes by very fast. \u00a0I'm surprised that this place is so efficient. \u00a0Parking can be a disaster if you get there during prime lunch hours. \u00a0Be sure to get there earlier if you don't want to circle around looking for parking. \u00a0On to the food reviews \u00a0(I placed a * next to my favorites):* Guava roll (cuernito de guayaba) - So good!* Cheese roll TM- cheese filled pastry - Even better!!Timramisu - Light, however the lady fingers were a bit dry. \u00a0Napoleon - Love the flaky pastry on this cake. \u00a0It is a good combo of vanilla custard pastry with a light fluffy whipped cream.Carrot cake isn't bad. \u00a0However the frosting on the carrot cake is too thick and sugary for me. \u00a0I love* Guava Smoothie - So good but too sweet for me. \u00a0You will need to find someone to share this with. Chorizo pie - I'll pass. \u00a0It tasted too mushy for me. \u00a0* Potato ball - A winner! \u00a0I love this stuff. Grilled chicken sandwich - I'm not a chicken sandwich fan, in general, but I actually like this one. \u00a0It's a thinner slice of chicken and the chicken is seasoned which makes it unique. \u00a0* Tuna salad croissant \u00a0- I really like the tuna in the sandwich. \u00a0Nothing fancy, just a really good tuna sandwich.I highly recommend trying this place for lunch or a snack.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Jenn S.", "time": "12/20/2011"}, {"content": "I am blown away by the quality of the food and service everytime I come to Portos. I have purchased cakes and pastries of all sorts and have bought sandwiches to cater parties here and never have I ever had a bad experiece. The staff here is amazing. Don't be intimidated by the long line, it always moves quickly. And the potato balls are a must if you come here!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Lisa W.", "time": "12/24/2011"}, {"content": "Love this bakery! This is the much better location than the Glendale one, service wise and taste. Cubano sandwich-Yes please! Orange juice is so fresh and I love their tiramisu. Perfect place to grab some grub for an impromptu picnic at nearby Griffith!", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Stacey H.", "time": "8/19/2012"}, {"content": "Porto's is easily one of my favorite places to eat in LA. This spacious Cuban eatery is a magical place and, quite frankly, one of the major reasons I try to fly in and out of Burbank whenever possible. Mostly I come here before or after a flight so that's generally a weekday mid-morning or afternoon. I have been here once or twice on the weekend and it was more of a zoo (tons of loud families eating and bustling around and longer lines) but still not too bad. Still worth the wait! I always go for the line on the right side -- it just seems to move faster. The food, as others have mentioned, is excellent overall, and a great value for the quality. My favorite items? The breakfast croissants are so divine, with the eggs and other fillings (the one with guacamole is surprisingly tasty but I also like the ones with meat).I also adore the cheese rolls, and can't eat fewer than two at a sitting (so it's good that they are so inexpensive, 75 cents a piece or so?). I brought Tupperware and carried a few rolls onto the plane with me last time I flew out of BUR -- it's a miracle I made it all the way to my hometown in Oklahoma without eating them. My parents (who also experienced Porto's when they were visiting last summer) were ecstatic.I'm also a fan of their caf\u00e9 con leche, which is similar to a caff\u00e8 latte. Delicious.It's fortunate that I live in West Hollywood, far enough from this place that I don't frequent it all the time. My waistline thanks me, anyway. ;)", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Stephanie D.", "time": "2/8/2012"}, {"content": "Guava Cheese Strudels & Cheese Rolls are a MUST!This is a really great Cuban Restaurant that sells light sandwiches and pastries. PRICE is great and servers are all very FRIENDLY. The managers are very helpful when you need to find seating, because it can be extra busy during the weekend mornings and afternoon. Potato Balls are a must try and they have wonderful mini/individual size desserts too. Oh and don't forget about their fresh baked bread!Just take one of everything!Thanks & ENJOY!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Nicole M.", "time": "2/3/2010"}, {"content": "We were in the Burbank area and my friend couldn't remember the location of this bakery, so we drive around in circles until we found it. \u00a0I almost told her to give up and go somewhere else when we couldn't find parking and saw the lines at the door. \u00a0But, I found out why there is a line at Porto's.They have the BEST Cheese Rolls ever! \u00a0Ever since my first visit to Porto's, I would not leave this place without a dozen or two of their cheese rolls. \u00a0My friends usually just attack me once they see me with a Porto's box. \u00a0Their cakes are great too!", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Anita L.", "time": "2/17/2010"}, {"content": "This review is about the full size made to order cakes.My company needed a cake for someone's birthday, so being a good little intern I found Porto's. I was hoping that it would be great because I didn't want to be the one responsible for a crappy cake...well, Porto's pulled through and more!I preordered a quarter sheet cake. The cake was chocolate, the filling was one layer of fresh strawberries and whipped cream and one layer of vanilla custard. It was iced all over with white buttercream icing, and it was a picture cake. It cost $55, which is more than I'm used to spending on a cake from Von's or something, but the price went out the window as soon as we cut the cake open.This may have been the best birthday cake I've ever had.First of all, when I picked it up it was gorgeous. Everyone loved the photo on top (although that was my doing) but they placed it wonderfully and actually made a caricature photo look really classy! The cake was amazing and moist, and I seriously could have eaten half of it. The filling was wonderful, light and tasty, and the strawberries were very fresh. I don't usually like icing and I pick it off, but the buttercream icing was so light and not sticky that I gobbled it up like a pro. This cake made the very polite birthday boy say \"oh my jezebel\", which probably would translate to \"holy f***ing shit!\" It was completely devoured and nobody could stop raving.Essentially, if you ever need a birthday cake, go here. I'm now going to have to go back this weekend and try the small pastries and cakes, because I'm sure my mind will be blown.**EDIT** Just went back this morning when I drove past. Got 2 each of the chicken croquettes and potato balls, a spinach and feta croissant, and a strawberry shortcake slice. Ate them for lunch. Mind was indeed blown.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Anya D.", "time": "4/14/2012"}, {"content": "It's been about 3 years that every Sunday morning going to portos for breakfast has become our family tradition , never got disappointed .... Great quality, great prices, great service .... Thanks for the yummy Bday cakes also ... I almost have tried everything and they all taste good :)", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Ani A.", "time": "9/27/2013"}, {"content": "POTATO BALLS, CHEESE ROLLS, MEAT PIES, FRUIT TARTSthose are the ingredients for the best portos experience but don't get me wrong the cakes and the cookies are great too there is a line but the line is definitely worth the wait you take a number wait in line maybe 10 minutes depending on the time of day I'm guessing the busiest times will be around lunch time. I went around like 7 \u00a0they also have a wide variety of things, i was a fan of the glendale portos so no doubt i'm a fan of the burbank one.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Joanne K.", "time": "8/15/2010"}, {"content": "It's kind of like an upscale Panera Bread...with WAY better food. The person in charge of operations for this place is a genius. There are 3 separate areas 1) Restaurant & Bakery 2) Bakery ONLY 3) Cakes ONLY. This way the crazy influx of people are separated into their respective areas. When we walked in, we were greeted by a friendly staff member. We told her it was our first time and she got us all menus to look over while we were in line. Very customer service oriented! Once we got our numbers, I cringed at the thought of finding a table through the sea of people (we went on a Saturday and there were 5 of us). Then I noticed there was an employee actually taking names and finding tables for people. She was like the MC. Always watching for people leaving and organizing tables together. Ok...now on to the food.I tried:Cubano Sandwich ($4.85): Slices of slow roasted pork, ham, Swiss cheese, pickles, butter, and mustard and mayonnaise mix on Cuban bread....(REVIEW)...Bread was sooo fresh! The pig combo of pork and ham was great. Swiss and mayo vs. mustard and pickles was a great contrast. Potato Balls ($0.90): A soft mashed potato ball filled with seasoned ground beef, fried to golden brown...(REVIEW)...Highlight of my visit. These things are amazing. I could easily eat 5 of these!Cheese Roll ($0.70): Sweet, flaky pastry dough filled with cream cheese filling...(REVIEW)...At first I thought it might be like a mozzarella stick, but it's more like a danish. Dessert for sure.EVERYTHING was so good. No wonder this place has a 4 1/2 star average on almost 2,000 reviews. ADD THIS TO YOUR BOOKMARKS!!!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Greg D.", "time": "11/26/2011"}, {"content": "With 2000+ reviews I don't have much to add. So here is what I tried on this visit which cost a mere $12.50. Large Cuban loaf, small egg bread twist, slice of Napoleon cake, slice of roulade cake, miniature pina colada cake, cookie Florentine, and guava Danish.On a Saturday afternoon, the parking lot backed-up onto Hollywood Way; the lines were long, but moved fast; and the cases were still fully stocked.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Brian U.", "time": "5/29/2012"}, {"content": "Everyone already knows how amazing Porto's. They won't really need more than 3,000 reviews but I'll contribute anyway.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Nick C.", "time": "4/26/2014"}, {"content": "I walked in my house today after stopping by the bakery this morning, and my 3 year old, glances over the bag, and exclaimed, \"Yay, Porto's!\" I therefore decided that it was about time to write a review since I have become a regular.Their muffins, empanadas, fresh sourdough, fresh squeezed orange juice, just about everything tastes divine!I discovered Porto's a while ago when some of my associates would bring in pastries to soften the blow if they were already late for work. It worked every time. It would be a while before I would set foot in the bakery, until I was faced with a \"cake emergency.\" My cousin texts me in the middle of the night to request that I get a cake for her sister's 30 birthday surprise. My cousin, is how do you say, ummm particular about everything. The cake was to be brought out to her in a club, surrounded by paparazzi, and I didn't want her to have a meltdown because it was substandard. I needed a quick, classy fix, that wouldn't put me in wedding cake price territory and Porto's became my savior. I headed over early before work (the bakery opens at 6 a.m.), beat the morning rush that usually infiltrates the place, and was out of there in 15 minutes under $25.00, and holding a cake that suit my princess cousin complete with pink polka dots, raspberry mouse and personalized in white chocolate.Later that night when we brought the cake into the club, the massive tattooed bouncer tried to lift the cake. Complete strangers were asking for a piece, even cab drivers when we carried out the remnants in the big yellow box. Yes, the line is like the one at the DMV, but it's well worth it.It's official Porto's is the biz.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Ashli W.", "time": "3/9/2012"}, {"content": "It didn't seem as good this time, as it was last time. \u00a0Maybe the hype died down already?", "rating": "3.0 star rating", "name": "Vi Y.", "time": "11/11/2013"}, {"content": "Words can not describe the deliciousness that is Porto's Bakery in Burbank. It's located at the corner of Magnolia and N Hollywood Way and from my experience, it's always crowded.The place is HUGE and while there seems to be semblance of order, their front counter area (where you order) is actually pretty chaotic. You stand in a long line and someone will flag you down to help you. The entire length of the pastries case has people ordering food in front of it, so it can get pretty crowded in that area when you're ordering (plus, I'm short, so I get towered over). My recommendation: the potato balls. That's one of their signature items and they seem to be making them non-stop all day. Also, if you get a chance, order something from their vast dessert selection. I didn't even get to get a good look at what they had, but it all looks delicious. For parking, there's street parking out in front, but your safest bet is their lot located behind the building on N Hollywood Way.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Kristel Y.", "time": "8/8/2010"}, {"content": "Two Words:POTATO BALLS!My sister's boyfriend bought my family a dozen of these.. and MY GOSH.. I could not stop eating them. \u00a0I had to literally stop myself from eating all of them. \u00a0The crispiness on the outside, the thin soft layer of mash potato with the meat filling inside... YUM. \u00a0Before I ate this, I asked my mom what this was.. and she said it's like dumplings .. I laughed. ^^ So good, but I bet each one is extremely fattening.. but all worth it!Things I want to try : cheese rolls and the whole bakery section!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Joan S.", "time": "12/13/2009"}, {"content": "What a great bakery. \u00a0My wife and I always come here for cakes, and occasionally a sandwich. \u00a0When my in-laws have some sort of party, it's always up to me and my wife to come out here to get a fruit tart cake (and it's always the fruit tart cake).I really can't say too much on the coffees as I really haven't had them, but the \"midnight sandwich\" is where its at... \u00a0served with a side of fried plantains. \u00a0Absolutely to die for.If you come here, I would suggest at least 1 hr window in terms of time. \u00a0Parking is horrendous and it brings the stupid out of people (which gets me frustrated then gets my blood boiling), but after you park, its another line to order. \u00a0That just comes with the popularity of the place because the quality is so good.But anyways, the food and cakes here are worth the wait and parking frustrations. \u00a0Just be sure not to leave without at least half a dozen potato balls... \u00a0if there's any left when you go.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Dean C.", "time": "3/20/2012"}, {"content": "potato balls!!!! *DROOLS*Whenever I'm in the area, I'll make sure I stop by this place and make sure I buy enough to bring back to NCAL. They usually have long lines, but the wait is worth it. It's a good stop for your savory baked goods considering that SCAL doesn't have many bakeries.Cheese roll - goodchicken croquette - Noms noms nomsPotato Balls - got a dozen to share with my family back in the Bay Area. tee hee", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Elaine H.", "time": "12/25/2012"}]