[{"content": "Yeah... You're going to want to check this place out... It's a SUGAR LOVER'S PARADISE... I detest sugar, probably because I cannot eat it, thus I have never had any of the baked goods before but I can ASSURE YOU that they're A+++++... How do I know? Well my fianc\u00e9 LOVES HIMSELF SOME SUGAR and is obsessed with Porto's. It's a good thing we live far from this bakery or he might be 800 lbs. Actually, probably not. He's one of those rare unicorns that loses weight when eating pastries and what not!Any who... I could go on for days about how he RAVES over the chocolate chip & sugar cookies and ADORES the cheese pastries coated with sugar (that just sounds like this place is trying to give you diabetes)... But what I want to mention is that, while you might believe Porto's is simply an ocean of cakes and cookies... It also serves up sandwiches and salads... And I've gotten chicken salads here on multiple occasions.The chicken was pretty well grilled, and it topped a bed of lettuce... Nothing crazy special but hey, they're know for their baked goods... Not their SALADS. Honestly, the reason why I wanted to write this review is to let those who HAVE WILL POWER, and want to eat healthy, know that there are HEALTHY OPTIONS at Porto's... Just look up from the pastry display case and you'll see their menu! Other offerings include salads and soups as well as drinks! Enjoy... Although BE PREPARED to wait in line, as it can sometimes reach around the block!", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Gigi D.", "time": "2/13/2016"}, {"content": "If I could survive off 3 items for the rest of my life from Portos it would be their cheese rolls (duhhh), potato balls (double duhh) and their cubano sandwich.... I honestly thing that's what heaven taste like hands down. This sandwich was love at first bite, and I'm telling you I'm a sandwich girl and this takes the cake! You have saltiness from the slow roasted pork&ham, then sour from the pickles, tiny creamy kick from the mustard Cuban dressing, and to mellow all the flavors out you have a creamy slice of Swiss cheese. At 5.95 you'd be a fool not to try one of these babies. Every time I come down to SoCal no matter what Portos is my first pit stop and I always grab 2 cubano sandwiches, ALWAYS. And eat it right away when it comes to you. When the cheese is warm and melts everything together... OH MY GOD it's so damn delicious.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Linda L.", "time": "10/2/2016"}, {"content": "I LOVE their potato balls! Every flavor the regular, chicken, seafood, spicy vegetable. They're all so delicious. Made to perfection. Everyone must try them. Another big hit is their cheese rolls as well, it's basically like a cheese Danish. I also enjoy their pan de lechon with extra mojo sauce with their maquitas (fried plantain chips). But beware their food is so delicious and everyone knows it, so there will be a line. I've been here many times, during different times of the day and I've never seen a short line. The lines do go by pretty quickly though so it's not a big deal. Definitely worth the wait!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Regina R.", "time": "7/23/2016"}, {"content": "I love Porto's! If you ever want a cake for your party order in advance and you can walk right in pass the loooOooong ass lines. The line is usually stretched around the corner because so many people want to eat there. They don't take reservations so get there early. The chipotle chicken sandwich is bomb.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Destorm P.", "time": "12/2/2016"}, {"content": "Of all the Bakeries that I have been to in San Francisco... But nothing is compared to Porto's of Burbank... And it has been one month ago when the my very last time that... I was here which was back in June of 2016!!! My very 1st time that I went to Porto's... I have to say that this place has it all from the smell of coffee and all the baked yummy goodies that Porto's has!!! Just by looking at it wants me to buy everything!!! If planning a trip to So Cal go to Porto's of Burbank it's a good place to buy baked Guava Rolls!!!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "William B.", "time": "7/4/2016"}, {"content": "So, I have had the Cheese Rolls before, and I love them, they are 5 stars! \u00a0However the Crowd here was ridiculous (great for the business) but it was not great order, it took like 45 minutes just to get the sandwich that I ordered, after I had ordered it. \u00a0Seating here is difficult to come by!The Pastries we had were very very good!, The chicken Empenada was very good, however the Sandwich Pan con Lechon that we ordered was almost tasteless (sorry), I am not sure what I was expecting, but I really thought it would have amazing flavor and sadly it did not.If I was just here for the pastries I would give this 5 stars, the line did move pretty quickly for how busy it was, and I would not have to wait a ridiculously long time to get my lunch...", "rating": "3.0 star rating", "name": "Jason N.", "time": "4/7/2016"}, {"content": "Elijah: 4.3 from me. Been eating food from here for years now. Funny enough, this was actually my first time going to the cafe/bakery and ordering food in person. My job orders pastries from Porto's for morning meetings all the time, so I never needed to get any food in the flesh. This place doesn't disappoint, if you like buttery, flaky things holding in sweet/savory and creamy innards. My go-to's are definitely the potato balls, the meat pies, and the various strudels that are available. I got a little box of assorted goodies to share with my girl: cheese potato balls, beef potato balls, pineapple empanada, guava strudel and mini lemon poppyseed bundt cake. Porto's is supposed to be a bakery/cafe with a Cuban flare. It's in a bit of the pastries like the savory treats, the dessert empanadas and the Cuban cakes, but the cultural roots seem to be a little more present in the cafe component of the eatery, which I have yet to try but look forward to checking out one day. Reliable. Inexpensive. Scrumdiddlyumptious. Porto's FTW. Dalena: First, I will rank from the one I liked the most to the least: cheese potato ball, beef potato ball, guava strudel, pineaple empanada, lemon poppyseed bundt cake. I think it is a little bit overrated. They tasted fine. It reminded me of Costco's bakery assortment. They're great, but I don't normally look forward to getting any. The place was really packed, but there is plenty of parking space.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Elijah D.", "time": "7/16/2016"}, {"content": "As many times as I come here the variety and quality always amazes. \u00a0Sweet and savory.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Sean O.", "time": "10/26/2016"}, {"content": "The reviews speak for themselves. It's great and honestly the line isn't that long. They got everything you can think of here. Can't go wrong with anything really. Love love love Cuban sandwiches too.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Nate F.", "time": "11/21/2016"}, {"content": "Though this place is always SUPER crowded, the lines go by FASTTT! Whenever I'm in SoCal, I have to bring back these goodies to NorCal. I've been a couple times. Everything you get here is DELICIOUS. I personally like the chicken croquettes, cheese rolls, guava and cheese rolls, empanadas, potato balls, sandwiches, and so on.... Their drinks and desserts are also really good! The desserts are actually not too sweet!Friendly and quick service! You can't leave SoCal without getting a box of Porto goodies! No, seriously, you really can't.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Kimberly H.", "time": "1/17/2016"}, {"content": "Ok so this place is as great as everyone says. \u00a0However we went on a Sat at 930am and the line was huge! \u00a0To be fair it was their 10th year anniversary. \u00a0It was well staffed and it took me less than 10mins to be helped.Ambiance: \u00a0very large and has large amount of eat in space. Food- Potato balls: hands down one of the best things they sell. \u00a0I got the spicy 4 cheese and the meaty one. \u00a0It is so savory and well done. \u00a0I haven't seen these anywhere else and felt that it was pretty unique to here- Chicken and beef empanadas: very flaky and tender. \u00a0However but doughy- Chocolate mousse cupcake: \u00a0I am not usually a fan of frosting but this was done so right. \u00a0Sweet but not too sweet. \u00a0The batter super fluffy- Tres leches ice coffee: \u00a0looks sweet but actually not, it is pure espresso with the freshest of milk added. \u00a0No extra sugar or calories. \u00a0I love love it. \u00a0Wish I knew how to make this as good at home- Midnight sandwich and Bacon/Omellet Sandwich: great pricing. \u00a0Delicious but nothing to write home about.Parking: lot in the backThis place is fantastic! \u00a0Amazing baked goods and reasonable prices. \u00a0I would definitely come back here again. \u00a0Also this will be next place I get my next bday cake for the hubby. \u00a0Only con is the long lines but they move it through pretty quickly.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Hannah D.", "time": "1/24/2016"}, {"content": "Yelp calls two stars \"Meh. I've experienced better.\" \u00a0I worry I'm going to be flamed for my two-star review, but let me attempt to explain it anyhow. \u00a0The food: It was a serviceable carrot cake. \u00a0It seems competently made, but after having some today, my wife actually says she likes the ones from Ralphs or Costco better (except they have raisins and she doesn't like raisins). \u00a0The Portos cake did not have raisins, but did have pieces of pineapple and nuts in it and she felt the frosting didn't have enough cream-cheese tang. \u00a0On its own, I'd give the cake probably a solid 3. \u00a0The ambiance: This is a very crowded location. \u00a0Insufficient parking and crowd-control and a slightly confusing setup (there are two different pickup areas, one for the cafe, one for the bakery) and just overall chaos - get in a line to tell them your name, then wait for them to get your cake, then go somewhere else to pay, then go back to get your cake, then fight your way out. \u00a0The gross almost health-code violation: The lid for the cake box was over the side of the counter. \u00a0So as an employee walked by, they knocked the entire box onto the floor upside down. \u00a0They quickly picked it back up and put it back on the counter before the employee came back with our cake. \u00a0He tried to put it into the box and seemed confused when I wanted him to use a clean box - and then seemed to have trouble finding a clean box (I'm not 100% sure he didn't just ultimately use the same box after going out of sight for awhile). \u00a0Portos has almost 6,000 reviews for this location alone with an average of 4.5 stars, so I'm clearly an outlier. \u00a0So, I'm willing to try Portos again and re-review, but I really do not like lines and chaos, so hopefully I can go sometime when it's quieter (if such a time exists).", "rating": "2.0 star rating", "name": "James L.", "time": "10/1/2016"}, {"content": "FRUIT CAKE. That's all I can say. GET THE DARN FRUIT CAKE!!!! I had it once & couldn't stop myself and got it for every special occasion \u00a0that was going on in my life. Lol What is their darn secret? Why is it so addicting? The fruits are all so fresh and good. I fell in love. I'm in love with a fruit cake.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Nguyen H.", "time": "1/13/2016"}, {"content": "Writing this review is making me annoyed all over again lol. My two coworkers and I stopped by Portos for lunch on the way to the airport. I've had Portos before and my family likes it, so I bought some potato balls and guava cheese strudels to take home. I'd never had their lunch items before so I ordered the Cubano sandwich. \u00a0That is where it all went wrong. I was given a buzzer but no instruction on what to do next. The whole place is really busy and chaotic. At first I was standing on the side, but then realized that was only for to go orders. Then we didn't realize you needed to get in line to sit down at a table. We found a table outside. One coworker just had potato balls and a tamale for lunch, so she already had her food. Then my other coworker got his steak and rice dish. Then I sat there for 25+ minutes waiting for my sandwich. When I went to ask the Cafe Lead she didn't even apologize and blamed it on me walking around. I don't get how for my coworker's meal they had to cook steak and he got his before my sandwich which just involved assembling and melting the cheese. About 50 minutes later my sandwich FINALLY came and I was not given an apology or anything. Ugh. Obviously by that time my coworker's were done eating, so I got a to go box and ate it in the car since we had a flight to catch. The sandwich was dry and I would not recommend or order it again. If you are getting bakery items to go, the line moves quickly and you'll be good. If you're ordering food that involves cooking, don't.", "rating": "3.0 star rating", "name": "Allison L.", "time": "7/1/2016"}, {"content": "There's 5700+ reviews of this place; I'm only writing one to mark that there's a PokeStop here ;)But yeah every time we do a SoCal roadtrip we always take the time to make a stop at a Porto's. Happened to stop at this one on our way back from SDCC. Small parking lot but we managed to find street parking close by. We found the apple and mango empanadas are sweeter than we'd like (the pastry itself is good but they seem to overcompensate the lack of sweetness by making the fillings too sweet). Super affordable pastries - haven't tried their sandwiches yet, but I just don't have the room for it when so many pastries are beckoning my name every time I come here...", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Melissa L.", "time": "7/28/2016"}, {"content": "My review is based on ordering a cake from them. The process was easy and organized no problem. Upon arrival I wasn't happy with the presentation and not what I wanted. It was for my moms birthday and didn't want to deal with looking for another cake because of time restrictions. we kept it in the fridge and became super soggy. The taste was fine but I felt it was ruined considering I paid about 40 bucks.", "rating": "3.0 star rating", "name": "Valerie M.", "time": "10/16/2016"}, {"content": "Simply the best Bakery in town !!I came all the way from Arizona to have a few of these treats... Mmmm", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Rick S.", "time": "9/25/2016"}, {"content": "I can't get over how much I love this place! 5 stars for everything: prices, food quality, service, speed, portions, etc. I ended up getting a ton of baked goods, extra Marquita's (so good), and a sandwich for only $15. At most restaurants you'd be lucky to get just a sandwich for $12-15. To top it off, their sandwiches are huge and really delicious. The workers here are great too. As Portos has many baked good options, I took a while to select what I wanted but the guy helping me was very patient and helpful in making my selections. He also did it really fast! Contrary to how crowded this place is, it doesn't take too long to get your order. Don't hesitate to check this place out!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Marwa N.", "time": "10/5/2016"}, {"content": "After many many years of going to portos and enjoying their delicious Cuban sandwich, I was extremely disappointed to see that they've changed the pork meat for some sort of shredded pink slime meat. Today was the last time I order that but it's sad to see a good product ruined", "rating": "1.0 star rating", "name": "Will G.", "time": "10/1/2016"}, {"content": "Great service, great flavors! \u00a0I ordered a to go and a dine in order. \u00a0My dine in order was a couple ham croquettes, chorizo pie, and meat pie. \u00a0To go was Mariquitas and a Medianoche sandwich for lunch tomorrow. \u00a0The ham croquettes are crunchy on the outside and creamy on the inside, with that smokiness coming from the shredded ham. \u00a0The meat pie came in a flaky pastry shell like one would find on a croissant, except it is filled with savory cuban spiced beef. \u00a0The chorizo pie is baked like an empanada but using pie dough. \u00a0It is filled with savory and somewhat spicy spanish chorizo. \u00a0The To Go orders (Medianoche Sandwich and fried plantain strips aka mariquitas), I have ordered before and are quite good. \u00a0They will keep nicely until lunch (if it makes it that far!). \u00a0Total price for all that plus bottled water= $14.50!!!!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Gabriel L.", "time": "7/25/2016"}]