[{"content": "I've been to Portos a handful of times now so it's time for a review!The cuban sandwich is decent. The ham is not salty at all.My favorite items are chocolate croissant, guava strudel, guava cheese strudel, apricot danish, and their raspberry kisses.The fried potato balls are too salty and heavy. But for most Americans who like fatty fried food, they would love it.The mousse desserts are ok because I've had better. For most people, they will love it.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Sandra L.", "time": "9/10/2014"}, {"content": "Amazing food, amazing service! You can feel the love they put in every bite!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Gamma T.", "time": "7/8/2016"}, {"content": "This is absolutely irresistible, I cannot stop eating the cheese rolls. The huge lines move fast and the wait is worth it. A must try.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Anne C.", "time": "6/22/2016"}, {"content": "Two things make this the top of the three Porto's locations for me: 1) There always seems to be more deals going on at this Burbank location than even the Glendale location. (I noticed a Dulce de Leche Kisses dozen deal this time around.) 2) Location, location, location.I call this Porto's location the \"one you go to when you have stuff to do.\" Seems like I always swing by here when something leads me to Burbank, Studio City, even just Hollywood. Tapings of Conan? New movie in the true IMAX theater at Universal City? Might as well go home well-stocked with Porto's. Contrast that to the Downey location where I often find myself having to make an excuse or reason to head on out there to justify a Porto's run.The Damage:11\" Fruit Tart ($21.95) - This one is big and is advertised as serving 10-12 but could probably serve more. They'll ask you at the end what message you want on the cake. The default is \"Happy Birthday ____ \" and all you do is give them a name. What's neat is this one has lychee fruit on top which looks really cool. Chicken empanadas (.99 cents ea) : Really good and so cheap. One could easily eat 6 of these in an instant.Guava and Cheese (.75 cents ea): The classic. Every newbie to Porto's should try this one.Guava strudels (.75 cents ea): The receipt says \"guava strudels\" but I'm not sure this is what I got (see photo) -- they look like cream cheese strudels and taste like like a cheese danish. Good though!Tip: There's the additional lot on Cordova Tip 2: You can order your cake along with the pastries instead of standing in the cake only line.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Matthew T.", "time": "4/16/2014"}, {"content": "I'm gonna give this place 4 stars EXCLUSIVELY for their baked goods, just because they've made my taste buds sing in a post-meal heavenly bliss concerto so many times. They know how to make pastries, these guys. As far as the rest of the menu... The chai tea latte (blended) was way too sugary. The sandwiches and salads-I don't think they are 4 star worthy at all. For being a bakery, the bread wasn't as fresh as we thought it would be, and the salad was just kind of meh. The presentation on the plastic plate, the lettuce DRIPPING in dressing, and the lack of veggies available were just kind of a disappointment, somewhat reminiscent of a Baja Fresh on a good day. But I digress. Potato balls. Nothing more need be said.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Danielle D.", "time": "9/8/2014"}, {"content": "Today we went to buy a cake and other goodies and we got this cake which had the wrong prize on display. There was more than one cake btw. The girl ringing us up had an attitude problem and oviously didn't honor it. All other cakes had prizes and this one did too but portos lazy employees didn't bother to change the prize. What was very uncalled for was ivonne's attitude, she was speaking to me like it was my fault someone put the cakes there. Immediately she argued back and forth saying if I wanted the other cake instead of the current one I had. Like wake up call you're suppose to honor a prize but to a person who hates her job that doesn't sink in. Nor does being reasonable and polite.", "rating": "1.0 star rating", "name": "Jay G.", "time": "1/16/2016"}, {"content": "Yummy sandwiches and of course desert! Everything was very good, prices inexpensive,service was nice. The girl that took my order was very sweet and patient even when I changed my order on her. We got there 30 minutes before close and had practically no wait at all. No line to order and the food was to the table within 10 minutes. The wait is usually around the corner so no wait is unheard of. So glad we made the last minute stop to this awesome place. A+", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Tisch H.", "time": "10/9/2015"}, {"content": "We just put in two massive orders for two different days and Joseph in the pre-orders department was INCREDIBLE! We were a little frazzled and had to keep a lot of numbers straight in our head, and Joseph was very calm, cool, friendly, and helpful. Everything was super quick and easy and we left feeling very well taken care of. Thanks, Joseph!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "BT R.", "time": "6/29/2016"}, {"content": "Free parking in the back!I looooove Porto's. I really do. I don't know how I didn't hear about this place for the first 18 years of my life, but it's really basically like pastry heaven.The potato balls are literally PERFECTION. Also some sources claim that one ball is like 500 calories - I'm not sure if I entirely believe that, but I wouldn't be surprised. It's just one ball of crispy, savory, starchy, potatoey goodness with meat in the middle.The cheese rolls, guava rolls, other pastries are all great too, though I definitely have a personal preference for savory over sweet. You can't go wrong with much here at Porto's.Also, I'd just like to say the service here is what really makes the final sell. You'll never get more excited than when one of the servers tells you that they have a fresh batch of potato balls coming out hot, and they'll get that for you instead of the ones that have been sitting in the display for a while. They're patient, friendly, and professional.YAY PORTO'S.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Brian W.", "time": "3/28/2015"}, {"content": "2014 YELP 365 CHALLENGE - 181/365I FINALLY got around to going to Porto's for the first time this past weekend after wanting to go for MONTHS! I kept hearing that the lines were awfully long, so I never got around going. I'm glad I finally did!Porto's already has 3,000+ reviews, so I'm not even going to bother with an in-depth description of my experience there. Here's my summary:PROS:+ Ample FREE parking - lot behind the building, and some spots on the sides street next to it+ 2 lines, 1 for bakery, 1 for cafe+ HUGE building with TONS of space for long lines AND seating/dining tables!+ Huge variety of baked goods, pastries, and desserts+ Sandwiches and other hot foods offered for lunch and dinner+ AFFORDABLE+ Separate ordering/pick-up area for made-to-order cakes+ Friendly employees!CONS:- Only open until 8pm- Lines are long- Loud and busy- Pastries don't last TOO longTIPS:- Check out a menu and/or scope out the items you want BEFORE you order, so that way you know exactly what you want to get and don't hold up the line- If you try to go right before they close, they might not let you in- HOWEVER, they try to get rid of all their leftover baked goods, so an employee stands by the door and hands out free bags of leftover pastries to people who get there too late and can't get in", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Jacqueline R.", "time": "4/10/2014"}, {"content": "All of the 5 star reviews and word of mouth are what brought my husband and I here during our recent trip to LA. I had read that the lines can be outrageous so we were there by 7 am when they opened. \u00a0We were pleasantly surprised that the line was so short. \u00a0We ordered cheese rolls, \u00a0guava & cheese rolls, \u00a0guava rolls, potato balls and a spicy potato ball (my husband's favorite). \u00a0We can totally see what all the hype is about, \u00a0these are so delicious! I especially loved the cheese rolls. \u00a0I forsee us making a trip here every time we are in LA.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Regina S.", "time": "6/13/2016"}, {"content": "WHO DOESN'T LOVE THIS PLACE!I can understand why Porto's is always busy. It's just that damn good. My favorite thing is their ham egg and cheese omelet croissants! Before my trip to Coachella I ordered tons for our camp group and it hit the spot. The cheese rolls, potato balls, chicken empanadas, chicken croquette...good lord everything is delicious!!California visits has to have Porto's. It's a must.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Thoa B.", "time": "4/24/2015"}, {"content": "Pastries are amazing. Pass on the cupcakes. But the cookies are delicious! Can't wait to try all the other treats! Well worth the line!!!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "N K.", "time": "6/13/2016"}, {"content": "Place is the bomb, from their desserts, Cuban sandwiches, breads, etc. \u00a0It's always busy and it's no secret why. When you go, be ready to buy more than you expect because you're going to want to try everything. They also make birthday and cakes for other events, \u00a0which takes care of all your bakery needs. Go here with the fam bam and you will not be disappointed. You may wait a Lil long in line, but it's worth it.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "MamiP A.", "time": "10/14/2015"}, {"content": "A very popular Cuban bakery founded in 1960 by a young immigrant fleeing Castro's Cuba (assuming). \u00a0With that said, if intrested, the background story is published on the website.At first glance, I was not pleased with not finding an available parking space in the private lot. \u00a0In lieu of, we ended up parking on the street in the adjacent residential neighborhood. \u00a0In addition, it was a cattle drive of humanity. \u00a0Quoting Dr. Smith from Lost in Space: Oh the pain! Oh the pain! \u00a0Once entering the place, the experience turned around for the better. \u00a0We purchased the cheese and guava rolls at $8 per dozen. \u00a0The product is very good for the price. \u00a0Word on the street is the Cuban pork sandwich is something you got to try.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Craig J.", "time": "9/30/2015"}, {"content": "I read several reviews prior to coming here and thankfully I did so I knew which line to select. This place is absolute chaos so if it's your first time, do your research and figure out what you want ahead of time to save yourself the headache.First of all, when it was finally time to order, I couldn't hear the gal behind the counter. I had to ask 3 times for her to repeat herself and I still wasn't able to catch everything. We had the cubano sandwich and ham and cheese croissant. The sandwiches were great and well worth the price. I did not receive any side with it though and it seemed like everyone else received the banana chips. I don't know if I was shorted the chips or if I'm supposed to order them. The line was too crazy for me to get back in line to order or find someone to ask. This was frustrating. So if you want the chips be sure to clarify when ordering.We also ordered one of each of the potato balls and empanadas and they were all quite tasty. Def worth the price.We ordered fresh OJ which was great although warm. But the smoothies were way too sweet. We ordered the strawberry, pi\u00f1a colada and the horchata and we took a few sips of each then threw them away. Don't bother with the smoothies. This was unfortunate because the smoothies cost almost the same as the sandwiches. Maybe I should've stuck to the coffee. Bottom line: food is a great value but the crowds, noise and lack of service are not worth it.", "rating": "3.0 star rating", "name": "Anna V.", "time": "10/11/2015"}, {"content": "The best bakery in LA, for sure ! My family and I make it a point to come here at least once a month ! Every time we go we HAVE to get at least a dozen of the croquettes (my fav is the ham) and potatoes balls as well as my favorite desert, a slice of cheesecake. Ever since we started coming here it's a family tradition to buy a whole cheesecake for any of our birthdays! It seriously is the best cheesecake ive ever had (and I love cheesecake) and you can't beat the price ! Only $20 !! The baked goods and the individual deserts are only .50-$2. I usually never get a sandwich but I have tried the Cubano and it is delicious.The staff is always super nice and attentive. The all around feel is super positive and makes you happy to spend your money there ... IF YOU HAVENT BEEN HERE, \u00a0YOU ARE DEFINITELY MISSING OUT !!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Carine C.", "time": "9/4/2015"}, {"content": "I always go to Portos every time when I am in the LA area. I get so excited for the cheese rolls. This place is so popular that the wait is from 5 to 15 minutes, which isn't too bad. Never had an issue with parking. It will take some patience to find a spot.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Suz L.", "time": "9/29/2015"}, {"content": "When I make a trip down to socal, Porto's is always a stop. LONG lines, but they move quick so don't worry if you see it snaked around. And to make things even better, on the day I went, they were giving out cheese roll samples to those waiting in line. Four dozen potato balls, one dozen cheese rolls, one dozen guava cheese strudels, and one dozen of raspberry kisses. Two large bags and I look like a fatty walking out of the store, but I am one happy camper. I am ready to hit the road with these delicious goodies.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Kelly C.", "time": "3/22/2015"}, {"content": "Nothing to add after so many reviews. \u00a0I recommend the tres Leche cake and the new england clam chowder. \u00a0Coffee is actually decent too, will go well with you cake.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Hanz L.", "time": "3/8/2016"}]