[{"content": "Porto's is simply the best. This is an amazing restaurant with food that is to die for. It is always packed so be patient - there are TWO lines for food and still it's always 20 deep. You order at the counter and they'll deliver to your table. the FOOD: amazing CubanI love the Steak Torta most of all. It starts with beautiful soft bread, then marinated steak, avocado, cotija cheese, lettuce, tomato and black beans. Words can't describe how good it is. The sandwich comes with fried plantains that are very light, crispy and delicious. \u00a0Also - the Medianoche and Pan con Bistec sandwiches are great. My wife and daughter get the Chicken Croquettes which are these breaded mini chicken pot pie balls that are deep fried and about the size of a small baseball. UNBELIEVABLE tasty goodness. Oh man - what more could you ask for ...well, then there's the bakery - World Class Bakery no less. Gorgeous cakes, pastries, cookies and so much more - all made with that beautiful Cuban spirit and love. This place is in my top 5 BEST OF LA. You've got to go!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Pablito X.", "time": "12/6/2011"}, {"content": "I LOVE this place! It's a total oldie but goodie! I've been coming to Porto's ever since I was a kid when their only location was in Glendale. Back when it was a serious cattle call. I have memories of my mother pushing me forward through the crowd to grab a number ticket in the front, and then feeling like it was worth it when I got to stuff my face with potato balls.Well, many moons later it is still amazing! Same delicious items, same low prices, but now with more space and order. **I avoid the Glendale one if I can because of the annoying parking situation and long lines.**So this one in Burbank is the one I frequent the most. It is wonderfully spacious and they have a free parking lot. The staff is so friendly and to this day it amazes me how I can rattle off 20 different items in different quantities and they will stand there, take it all in without writing a thing down, and then fill 'er up EXACTLY right. It's like you have to have an amazing memory to work there!Their orange juice is so fresh and delicious and their coffee is very good and super CHEAP! In the mornings I always get a baked ham and cheese croissant (YUMMMM!) and I allow myself one guava danish without cheese.My favorite pastries are 1) the napoleons (they are the best I have EVER tasted ANYWHERE) and 2) the big round fruit tarts (great for parties).I can go on and on, but ya'll have probably stopped reading. Trust me, it is not overrated. They are consistent in taste and price for the past 20 years that I've been going and I'm sure even long before that!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Carol S.", "time": "9/10/2010"}, {"content": "Yes, another 5-star review. Porto's wins hands-down for value, quality, and DELICIOUSNESS! Since everyone raves about what's so great, here's my take on what's NOT-so-great:- Cookies seem to be their Achilles' heel. I've tried various varieties and they're all underwhelming. - Meat pie and empanadas (fruit and meat varietals): Too much pastry, too little filling. So why the 5-star rating anyway? Because when they're offering literally hundreds and hundreds of items as an incredible price and most things are freakin' amazing, that's like saying \"0.5% of their products aren't that good\". Oh, everyone raves about the potato balls, but don't forget the chicken croquettes! AMAZING!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Quentin P.", "time": "1/28/2013"}, {"content": "Everyone else is talking about the great pastriesBut ladies....let's be real.Have you seen some of these baristas though?Oh Em Gee. I come here every morning for my drink...and I love those tight black shirts they wear. One of them intimidates me the way he holds the milk pitcher...like if his shirt is going to rip off....it's amazing...Forgive me if i'm observant of the employees here....but damn...oh my god.Oh yea and their espresso is really good here.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Flor F.", "time": "2/5/2014"}, {"content": "Lunch today: Cubano (slow roasted pork, ham, Swiss, butter, mayo, mustard, and pickles on Cuban bread ($4.85) Out of this world! My companion had the Fajita grilled sandwich ($6.70) which was strips of grilled steak, provolone,guacamole, and grilled onions on a French roll. She said it was one of the best sandwiches she has ever eaten! We also tried the Meat pie, puff pastry filled with seasoned ground beef ($.78)the Chicken Croquette, crispy pinko coated, diced chicken with Cuban seasoning, ($.99) and the Potato Ball, mashed potatoes filled with seasoned ground beef, breaded and fried. ($.90) Our tummies were full and our wallets were happy.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Karen L.", "time": "12/26/2012"}, {"content": "it's the cuban version of 85 degrees bakery...hahah. \u00a0Yummy pastries and sandwiches for a decent price. \u00a0cheese rolls are sweet and delicious. \u00a0Eating potato balls is like eating your favorite chili surrounded by potato goodness. \u00a0So filling!The wait comes in waves- sometimes there's a bunch of people, other times there are only a few people in line. \u00a0There is parking lot but is generally full, but street parking is available. \u00a0Would definitely come back.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Shelly T.", "time": "9/29/2012"}, {"content": "The place is a madhouse for a reason. Delicious pastries and bread for surprisingly cheap prices. If you're in the area even if only for a brief while, you have to go and try their artful balance of flakiness and softness in their pastries. I had the apple strudel and had to go back to try the almond bear claw. Fantastic.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Michael R.", "time": "3/24/2015"}, {"content": "First off, if you plan on going to Porto's, don't go during lunchtime on the week days or anytime on Saturdays because this place gets crowded! My favorite section of Porto's was the bakery, of course, but I did experience the bistro section once. If you're planning on going during a busy hour, I don't suggest going with a group during then because finding a table is nearly impossible. The lines on both the bistro and bakery sides are always long, but they do go fast. I enjoyed my food (I had a Cuban panini), and I really love their cookies! They do have a free parking lot behind the building, but it fills up pretty fast. There's always street parking and walking to Porto's isn't bad since it's on a nice strip on Magnolia and Hollywood Way.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Clarice H.", "time": "6/4/2013"}, {"content": "There are two ways that you can go here. One is: I am going to eat every single little pastry they have, and the other is: I am going to eat one of their awesome sandwiches and maybe a desert. Either way, it will be amazing.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Mariana R.", "time": "9/4/2014"}, {"content": "I was impressed at the size of this Portos location. Great selection of pastries and bakery goods. Clean and nice ambience inside. It has a cafe and outdoor dining. Parking didnt seem convenient and was lucky to get street parking since we came 30 min before they closed. I couldnt imagine what it would be like when they are busy. I'm not a big sweets person but the pastries I've had from here are delicious!Must have the guava-cheese rolls!!I've had the recommended Cuban sandwich which was good but didn't care for the banana chips. Overall great cafe and bakery (maybe the best I've been to) Lives up to the hype everyone talks about.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Kevin G.", "time": "7/7/2011"}, {"content": "*Begin scene*It's mid-afternoon on a gorgeous summer day. \u00a0Inside a busy day spa, clients check in with one of two pretty front desk girls and walk through the door that leads to the spa.Me: (walking out from the back and greeting front desk girls) Hey guys - I'm going home now.Pretty girl 1(grabs my wrist and pulls me behind the front desk): Shh!! \u00a0Come here!! \u00a0(sotto voce)Pretty girl 2 (laughs): Lucy, quick, come back here!Me: What is it? \u00a0What is it??Pretty girls 1 & 2 (pointing) simultaneously with !!!!! on their facesCamera zooms in to what they point at: \u00a0A large Porto's bakery boxCamera pans to my face: Though I am Asian, my eyes grow very large with extreme excitementPretty girl 1 (opening box to reveal the remainder of a dozen cheese pastries): These are the best. things. EVER. \u00a0Eat one! \u00a0Eat one RIGHT NOW!!!Me (with full mouth and sugar on lips, chewing): \u00a0Oh. Ma. Gawd.*End scene*I think I'll be going to one of the Porto's locations sometime very, very soon!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Lucy Y.", "time": "7/15/2010"}, {"content": "PORTOS has the best dessert and food around!! I had the Tuna Crossant and it was awesome! Who knew tuna could be so delicious!!! im not even a corssant eater, but i love this little sandwich! I will forever compare tuna sandwiches to Porto's. All dishes come with banana planton chips. lightly salted and super crispy. :) \u00a0Dessert is a must. ordered their chocolate mousse cake and fruit tart and they were both delicious. i can tell they take time into making the desserts, its no wonder its so yummy! Definitely a must try!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Lisa W.", "time": "8/12/2010"}, {"content": "I can not describe how much I love this place the pastrys r amazing not to sweet just perfect I can not wait to try some other things like their sandwiches I recommend the 3 leches cake, Potatoe balls, guava and cheese, and cheese rolls, oh and the fruit tart almost everything I wish there was more portos around here", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Nancy A.", "time": "7/1/2014"}, {"content": "The place is ok, not all that. I know Porto's has another location in Downey and right by this location, there is a spot called \"La Tropicana.\" This is another Cuban place that I believe has better food and their baked goods taste better.", "rating": "3.0 star rating", "name": "Brian M.", "time": "4/12/2014"}, {"content": "Fresh baked goods and amazing service!!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Soha S.", "time": "5/5/2014"}, {"content": "Love Porto's. Those potato ball things are awesome with tapatio!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Joey B.", "time": "4/7/2015"}, {"content": "Porto's can get really packed with people-- but there's a reason for that. Their food is really awesome and their prices are good. One side is a bakery and the other is a cafe. In the cafe they serve a lot of different sandwiches and beverages. I'm a fan of the Cubano sandwich and the Ropa Vieja sandwich. The line at the bakery side can be really long, but it goes by quite fast and their system is pretty efficient. My personal favorites from the bakery are the cheese rolls, guava cheese rolls, potato balls, flan, and Italian cheesecake.The people who work there are really nice, no matter how busy it is. You should definitely check it out if you're in the area (or in the area of their other locations). You will not be disappointed.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Leia A.", "time": "2/25/2013"}, {"content": "Hear people talk about this place all the time and finally got to go this past weekend. After carefully thinking about this this is what it comes down to. 3/5 Pastries: Some are delicious while others are mediocre and overpriced. Potato balls are pretty good since I'm a fan of \u00a0both potatoes and meat :P. Cheese rolls are only okay. It's really just personal preference. Pricing is okay overall, no complaints here. 7/5Design: Okay, this might be over rating it but I loved the design of the entire bakery, from the high ceilings to just the \"hallway\" feel. The insides were super spacious and just gave me this... unique.. clean... vibe. Anyways, pretty good experience, would come back for the potato balls. Other things are a bit too oily for me.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Scott K.", "time": "3/20/2013"}, {"content": "Very good, simple cuban food. Very good pastries. Not the best place to sit down and eat, but fantastic take out.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Victor K.", "time": "5/31/2014"}, {"content": "Okay.. Enough already! I'm sick of hearing Yelper Val C. constantly oogle-ing over Porto's and the long lines I see each time I walk /drive past the establishment. Add me to the 1000+ reviews because I've finally experienced it for myself thanks to Val C's treating me to brunch. Porto's is nothing more than a cafeteria for patrons hoping to appear high-end. Although, clean and \"pretty\"; nothing strikes a high chord with the much too loud environment (due to the constant line of customers) and too close tables which results in the \"trying to squish myself sideways to walk-by\" scenario. However, Porto's is not really about that. What I realized is that Porto's is about the food. And in that area, they excel. I sampled a simple fare of the Ham and Cheese Omelet on a Croissant and the fresh squeezed OJ. I generally don't like ham but this was delicious! The ham was not to \"hammy\" and did not overcompensate the other flavors. The ratio of ham to eggs to cheese was superb and the eggs were soft and light and just tasted healthy even if it wasn't. The croissant was oh-so-flaky and made me crave living in France so that I can eat these daily...or I guess I could just go to Porto's daily... and risk the weigh gain, I digress. The orange juice was AMAZING. I watched them make it and was STILL surprised with how lovely it was. There is simply the juice our of orange. Nothing more, nothing less. Stick a straw in an orange and this is the result. A light-sounding meal and yet, very filling. The service is also great in the sense that although a constant long line, there are SEVERAL employees behind the counter and they keep the line moving. There is no waiting here. Although the food can take a few minutes to arrive... it's worth it. Now I just need to attack that desert case! Although, it looks too pretty to eat!!! So there ya go, not that my 1,000 something review is necessary but thanks to Val C, I can finally say I've tried it. Merci!", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Orsolya D.", "time": "8/9/2010"}]