[{"content": "The meat pies are to die forrr! And it's not even a dollar. Comes hot from the display window, the taste will make your mouth water and crave for more.When our work purchases boxes from Portos Bakery. The boxes of meat pies are always gone first.I'd recommend to purchase a few pieces.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Evelyn H.", "time": "9/29/2012"}, {"content": "This place is amazing everything I've tasted so far is delicious I always give my birthday cakes here I would strongly recommended must try", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Lalis A.", "time": "7/12/2014"}, {"content": "I absolutely love this place. It was my first time at Portos this past summer on a summer vacay with my family. Love the ambiance and the service is super friendly. Their pastries and breakfast croisant sandwiches were delicious. I love the people who work there! They are super friendly and strike up a nice conversation with you.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Kristine C.", "time": "10/13/2011"}, {"content": "Um hi. Can I please give Portos 100 stars?This is the best place ever and every time I am in Burbank, this is where I eat. I talked to one of the employees once and she said that something like 200-300 people work everyday. This place is so busy all the time but it never takes too long because everyone is so efficient. Someone took the last napkin out of the napkin dispenser and there was literally an employee behind with a refill. It's like they have a 6th sense. The food. OHH MY. I love the Cuban Sandwich, the ham croquettes, the potato balls and the Raspberry Cheesecake.Everything else is really good too I'm sure. I'll be coming back here for sure :)", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Anna Z.", "time": "11/27/2012"}, {"content": "Everything here is good, you just have to find what you like. \u00a0Waits not too bad, even though the lines are long, it goes by fast. \u00a0But parking is sometimes an issue, but if you time it right its ok.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Mike K.", "time": "4/14/2014"}, {"content": "If you're here yelping for something new, affordable and outside of your typical neighborhood bakery.. look no more! The ambiance of this bakery is great, although it can get busy, it's definitely worth the wait. And how can I not mention their imposing array of pastries and cakes, which you'll find yourself drooling over as you're in line. I actually had to intervene and write my first review here due to \"someone\" posting a 2-star review (ridiculous right?)! Portos has plenty of good ratings that it wouldn't even matter. Listen to those (;My comfort food favorites: medianoche, guava cheese rolls, STRAWBERRY SHORTCAKE", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Victoria A.", "time": "10/11/2012"}, {"content": "The Mamey smoothie hits the spot every single time! Good sandwiches too, the lines are super long but worth the wait.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Daniel R.", "time": "7/10/2014"}, {"content": "I buy cakes from Portos. I've had their other little desserts as well, but this is the best place for birthday cakes. They are a little pricey, but if you call and order your cake with a special saying it is ready on time for pick up. The cakes are moist and taste amazing. I would definitely plan to wait in line if you go here after work around 5pm.... it's always packed in Burbank.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Susan P.", "time": "1/23/2013"}, {"content": "I already wrote a review for the Glendale location, but this is one of my favorite places and bakeries in ALL of California! \u00a0It's definitely one of my top 10 places to eat :) \u00a0This location is newer than the Glendale one, approximately the same size, but has more limited parking - the parking lot is a little small, but street parking is fairly abundant.If you just want a sandwich and maybe 1 or 2 pastries, go to the line on the left - it's much shorter, but they only have a limited selection of pastries in those cases. If you're a fatso like me, definitely head to the right because that's where ALL the pastries are. Make sure you start taking mental notes of what you want while you're waiting in line because the line moves really quickly! Before you know it, you'll be whisked to the front of the line and an employee will ask you for all of your orders, so it's important to have a good idea of what you want to order - just to help move the line along respectfully. \u00a0I highly recommend getting the potato balls, cheese rolls, smoothies, and sandwiches. If you get a sandwich, make sure you dine in...because if you get the sandwich to go, then you don't get plaintain chips! \u00a0Also, definitely get a smoothie - my favorite is the guava smoothie, but I also love all the other smoothies. \u00a0The OJ is freshly squeezed and the coffee drinks are also delicious. \u00a0Everything is amazing. \u00a0Basically...come here and be prepared to stock up on LOTS of pastries! \u00a0Most of the pastries cost around $1.50-3 on average, which is totally affordable. \u00a0I spent about $22 here and was able to get a sandwich, a smoothie, some cheese rolls, a cookie, a brownie, some fruit tarts, and lots of potato balls. \u00a0If you buy 12 cheese rolls, they cost a little less than $8, but that's the only item where you can really get a savings if you buy in bulk; otherwise, most everything is individually priced. \u00a0The prices are completely reasonable and the taste of everything is amazing! \u00a0I love how everything is mini and individualized.They also make bigger desserts to go, so if you're buying for a party or special occasion, Porto's can accommodate! \u00a0My family buys birthday cakes here all the time. Our favorite is the strawberry shortcake because it's not too sweet and the frosting is nicely whipped! \u00a0I absolutely love the fruit tart too - they make it in a big version, as well as an individual version. \u00a0The individual version comes in a thin chocolate heart, which is uber cute and quite tasty! The regular tart has the normal crust you would expect. Both have generous amounts of fruit and are out of this world yummy!!!I only wish I lived closer, but on the bright side...they are opening up a Downey location sometime in 2010!! \u00a0:) \u00a0So even though it's not totally in the OC, it's still a step in the right direction!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Nancy T.", "time": "8/10/2010"}, {"content": "Where to start? Well, basically, this is the best bakery......ever.I mean, you can go here for a great breakfast, for lunch, for desert, or when you just feel like pigging out on cheese rolls lolAll of their pastries are just absolutely delicious and it's so difficult trying to choose what to get when you get there.Damn, I'm craving some cheese rolls now.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Ana C.", "time": "2/10/2011"}, {"content": "Yum yum for my tum tum. Hello Porto's. I love you like a fat kid loves cake. \u00a0Wait, maybe I am that fat kid who loves cake. :)Wow. \u00a0Why did I not go to Porto's earlier? When I saw the reviews on yelp, I thought it must be pretty amazeballs considering how many reviews it has. \u00a0The place was huge and packed! \u00a0I was carried away by the savory smell of the oh so buttery breads, pastries, and cakes! \u00a0I was in dessert heaven. \u00a0MMMM..soaking it all in. \u00a0I went here with my brother and we literally went on a shopping spree here. \u00a0We figured...hey, it's our first time and we drove all the way out to Burbank. \u00a0When I saw the menu it seemed like they crammed so many items front and back. \u00a0So instead, we literally picked whatever looked tasty to our tummies. \u00a0I felt like a little kid in a candy store. \"I want this....wait 3 of this. I want that one...and this one!\" \u00a0MUST HAVE:Pastry section:Cheese rolls: MUST GET.Guava roll: Different sweeter taste.Potato balls: Delicious balls. Chicken Empanada: Juicy and savory with a great crust.Meat Pie: It was puffy, meaty, and scrumptious. Everything here was delicious, fresh, and the meat pie/empanada was still hot. \u00a0Dessert section:Creme Brulee: Wasn't good to take back, the sugar coating was no longer crunchy.Red velvet cupcake: Very sweet and moist.Strawberry shortcake: I wished it had more strawberries but the cream and cake was good. Cakes! Cakes! Cakes! Cakes! Cakes! Now errrbody! I came here for my special man friend's birthday cake. \u00a0Considering how Matt T. is quite selective and strongly believes he should have dessert before meals...it was a lot of pressure in picking the perfect cake. After asking a million questions, I went with my gut and got the Tiramisu because it had a beautiful presentation: it has thin layers of white- sponge cake (soaked with espresso) with cream cheese mousse and finished with a ring of lady fingers, and chocolate shavings. \u00a0This huge cake was only $21. \u00a0I swear I was going to get two because it was such a steal, but then that would just be pure gluttony wouldn't it? \u00a0The cake was successful and enough for everyone. \u00a0It was very moist and the espresso didn't overpower the flavors. I would highly recommend it.Go in the morning so you know everything is guaranteed fresh. \u00a0Honestly, everything here was great. \u00a0Pick whatever looks delicious to your taste and you will not be disappointed. Trust. I walked outta Porto's shamelessly with 4-5 boxes of goodies and it was damn worth it.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Camellia C.", "time": "6/11/2010"}, {"content": "Even though I have been to this establishment 5 times now, my reaction to this place never changes!! Porto's never fails to serve scrumptious eats for cheap, and amazing service at the same time.Today, I arrived with 2 other people for a lunch date. We arrived around 1pm, and got straight to the line on the left...in 2 minutes, we were able to order. The line was not that huge today! What a relief! I ordered a potato ball sandwich...and even though I'm not to good with trying new things, it was amazing! the potato balls fit really well with the rest of the ingredients!! My other friends ordered a pastrami sandwich, and torta de pollo...we also ordered a drink.. All three sandwiches with 3 drinks cost us $23 which is a really good deal!!No, we are not done yet!!I decided to also order a cheese roll to see if these are amazing according to the other reviews...and they really were!! The different components mixed very well, even though I'm not a huge fan of sweetened cream cheese. I ordered a fruit tart as well...this got a 4 out of 5 stars..but that's still okay!! The problem I had was that the bottom of the tart was starting to get a little mushy like if all the ingredients were going to fall through..but either way, it tasted really good with all the fruits that were used.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Marisa M.", "time": "2/4/2011"}, {"content": "I absolutely love this place! This was my first time going to the Burbank location and it is by far my favorite location from the other two Porto's locations. I'm sure I came at an opportune time. I came right before the lunch rush. There was parking and there were few people in line. The staff was friendly and I was able to get a seat and eat my lunch with my friends.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Louie R.", "time": "11/3/2013"}, {"content": "Porto's is a caf\u00e9 and bakery on steroids! \u00a0This place is the \"supersize\" version of most caf\u00e9s and bakeries I've visited lately, it's huge; where other outlets have 2 glass display cases Porto's has 10, 3 level cases full of baked goods.What stunned me the most, when I first walked in, were the long lines. The one to the immediate left of the entrance is for those interested in buying a meal; sandwiches, salads, etc. as well as dessert (boasting a 3 level, 3 section display case full of desserts). \u00a0The line directly in front of the door is for people who want coffee and other beverages.  Lastly, the line immediately to the right of the entrance, which happened to be the longest, is for those wanting; cakes, petite fours, rolls/bread, and pastries.What would compel a hoard of people to stand in a Disneyland style line? Are these people crazy! I was intrigued, besides I was told by a friend that Porto's has an amazing red velvet cupcake so I took my place in line (grudgingly). It moved faster than I expected, the service here is attentive and friendly.In the meantime, I was able to feast my eyes on myriad desserts, pastries, and cakes. \u00a0It's a sight to behold; I've never seen so many varieties in one place. \u00a0My plan was to order one red velvet cup cake but when it was my turn, I changed my mind. I ordered a loaf of sourdough and rye, a red velvet cupcake (of course), some sort of strawberry parfait (in a mini plastic cup), a guava pastry (seriously, who makes pastry out of guava, it's either heavenly or hellish), a mango petite four and a medium latte. \u00a0I asked the attendant if everything was made in house and she proudly asserted, YES! \u00a0I guess you can say I went a little overboard but there was a method to my madness. \u00a0My order encompassed different baking disciplines and styles; if a baker tries to make a pastry and vice versa the result may be an undesirable bride of Frankenstein mess. \u00a0I have to admit , I was a little skeptical about the taste and quality of the items that I ordered. \u00a0I'm happy to report that everything was absolutely delicious. \u00a0The sourdough was sour and had a hint of sweetness; the rye bread was heavy, nutty and substantial; just to my liking. \u00a0 The guava pastry was absolutely to die for; it was flaky and crumbly while the filling had a great texture, thick and consistent while not being too sweet. \u00a0I'm not a guava person but it made me a believer. \u00a0The strawberry parfait was light, airy and refreshing as was the mango petite four. \u00a0 The latte was not bad, though I'm accustomed to a stronger coffee taste (perhaps it's just me). \u00a0The red velvet cup cake was just okay. \u00a0I wouldn't go so far as to saying I was disappointed but rather shocked how different their version was from what is typical. \u00a0It wasn't \"traditional\", their version was topped with whipped cream not butter cream or cream cheese. \u00a0The cake didn't have that richness, the moist decadence that those who specialize in such desserts have truly perfected. \u00a0Lastly, the cake had such a low sweet quotient I thought I was eating a red colored muffin with whipped cream on top.Well, no one's perfect! \u00a0But regardless, Porto's Bakery and Caf\u00e9 is close. \u00a0It offers a one shop stop for all goods baked.They do have their own parking lot as well as street parking but beware, it's often full such is the down side of being wildly popular. \u00a0In terms of big picture, I'm not sure there is a \"caf\u00e9\" or \"bakery\" that can match the volume and variety of Porto's. \u00a0I'm not the kind of person who enjoys standing in line for anything but what Porto's offers is so amazing, I'll happily wait my turn for all the goodness they offer. \u00a0If you have a sweet tooth or just plain hungry Porto's will offer you many opportunities to satisfy what you're craving.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Gary B.", "time": "10/29/2010"}, {"content": "Are you effing serious?!! I can not believe that this Cuban heaven exists and that I waited THIS long to try it. It's one of those moments that has changed my life forever -- seriously, my ass will never be the same, EVER again. With that said, I could not wait to write a review about this place because this review could change lives. I am writing this right now whilst my last foodgasm is still lingering on. I want to eat my mouth! Yes, it is amazing. TRY IT NOW. NOW! If you are reading this, STOP! Go now. I love the atmosphere -- it's busy, it's hectic, it's like a party for foodies -- it's a place to hold hands and get fat together. Mmmm. People everywhere but service is damn impeccable. You step through the door, grab a menu, get in line, look in awe at the array of pastries, order what you want, and then pick up your food. It's that easy.Oh, and are you kidding me? You mean we get to try your food while we wait in line? Oh, Porto's, you tease. They give you snippets of their goodies -- its so cruel -- because you get more than your tummy can handle.I tried the following: (yes, I know this is a lot for one person, don't judge -- I had a friend, she helped... a little).Potato Ball -- I sunk my teeth into these, not expecting anything inside but potatoes, but OH MY GOD. It was perfectly fried and crunchy on the outside, warm and soft and creamy potatoes on the inside... and in the very center laid a pool of a delicious blend of meat and spices oozing out with every bite. Medianoche Preparada -- Holy mother of food. This sandwich is the perfect blend of flavors... it is so well balanced that my mouth was just amazingly overwhelmed. I seriously could not handle it. It was so good -- the bread was toasted, warm, soft, and buttery sweet... ahhh. There was ham, slow roasted pork, and croquette -- offering the perfect amount of savory and salty. The mustard offset the salty with a good omph of flavor, and the vinegar in the pickles really rounded everything together. Flavorwise, it's one of the most balanced sandwiches I've had. Try it!Ropa Vieja -- It's like Cuban pulled pork. It's good with amazing spices but the Medianoche Preparada was much better.Cheese Roll -- How do you do it, Porto's? How did you make something THIS MOTHER EFFING PERFECT??? What the heck, my mouth has no idea what is going on right now because of you. This roll is crunchy, buttery, has a sweetness I can not describe, and the cheese inside is just perfect... someone needs to explain to me how this exists. I cried when I started eating this... and I cried again when it was over. Sigh.Guava/Cheese Roll -- This is like the cheese roll but with guava... and I love guava. I can not tell which one I like more. They are so damn good.Cafe con leche -- It was a good ratio of milk to coffee. The coffee had a good robust flavor -- your typical milk and coffee.Meat pies -- Oh, so good. Like the potato ball but with a flaky crust. AHHH. Meaaaat...Pinacolada smoothie (sample) -- Man, I don't even like coconut and this concoction made me foodgasm.And I'm serious about this place changing lives. You will not need therapy, because why spend money on that when you can spend a fraction of the price (it's so cheap!!!) and get an amazing release of euphoria each time you bite into one of their delicious pastries? Yes, you can get fat, and your wallet can stay relatively fat too. There is no damn way you could have a bad day if you start it off with Porto's. Hmmm... I want to live in Porto's, I wonder if that's possible...Are you still reading this? Go now!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Catherine N.", "time": "8/3/2012"}, {"content": "Porto's! \u00a0W000T! \u00a0I first learned of this place from my wife's friend's husband, who works at the local movie studio and recommended it from his many catered shoots. \u00a0When I yelped for restaurants in the area, it came up with 1000+ reviews with an average of 4.5 stars... Unheard of!We finally went for the first time a few Saturdays ago for lunch before Vendome beer tasting. \u00a0When we pulled up to the parking lot it was packed with cars (parked and a trail of cars circling for spots). \u00a0It's a small lot, so expect a few minute delay waiting for a spot to free.It was around 100 degrees that day and lots of people were walking out with coffee drinks, smoothies, and boxes of food and baked items to go. \u00a0We stepped inside and were welcomed by a massive room with two ordering counters, two lines, and wonderful air conditioning. \u00a0The place was packed with people buzzing all over. \u00a0We observed one line said baked goods orders, and one said food and baked goods, so we got in the second line on the left.The line was long so we figured we'd have a few minutes to peruse the menu and figure out what we wanted, but the people behind the counter were taking orders extremely fast and moving the line very efficiently. \u00a0We hurriedly figured out what we wanted and stepped forward to a place our order.As is typical for us, the first time we go to a new restaurant we try to see what people are buzzing about on Yelp and order along those lines. \u00a0We also tend to order more food than we can eat because we want to get a good, broad sampling of what the restaurant has to offer. \u00a0What follows is the list of things we ordered and somehow the girl was able to memorize all of it really quickly, and then put it together and submit it to the cashier (impressive):Four potato balls - I didn't realize what these were when skimming the Yelp descriptions, but they are indeed fantastic. \u00a0They are basically mashed potato balls that are deep fried on the outside and filled with seasoned beef (I think). \u00a0They were an excellent flavor and textural experience (crispy on the outside, soft on the inside).Pan Con Lechon - Being a n00b and knowing this is a Cuban bakery, it sounded like this would be a good test for authenticity and quality. \u00a0It is slow roasted pork, mojo garlic sauce and grilled onions, on a grilled Cuban bread. \u00a0I thought this was fantastic. \u00a0The pork was very moist and tasty. \u00a0The combo with onions and sauce on very soft but slightly toasted bread was awesome. \u00a0I think I would add cheese or some more produce maybe if I was feeling creative, but as it was I really enjoyed it.The Steak Torta - This is what my wife ordered. \u00a0It had strips of grilled steak guacamole, black beans spread, cotija cheese, lettuce and tomatoes, on a French round. \u00a0The quality was excellent again (no chewy steak or anything). \u00a0Lots of flavor in the guac and the other ingredients. \u00a0My wife wasn't extremely wowed, unfortunately, but I really enjoyed it.A strawberry smoothie - This was refreshing and fruity. \u00a0It had kind of any \"icee\" nature to it (vs a fruit and yogur- blended style) that was very appropriate for the hot summer afternoon.A mocha shake - Sweet and creamy with lots of chocolate flavor and some zip from the coffee. \u00a0Very good.A red-velvet cupcake - This was kind of disappointing or just different from what one might expect depending on how you perceive it. \u00a0I think it is more appropriately described as a red-velvet muffin. \u00a0The texture of the cupcake itself was on the firm side and a little dryer than a typical, super-soft and moist red-velvet cupcake, but the frosting (and there was a lot o it) was rich and creamy. \u00a0Not bad, but not great.After we placed our order, we were given a number and my wife went to get a table. \u00a0It's amazing she got one because the place was so full, but there were staff with earpieces helping seat people and keep everything moving along. \u00a0We figured out that our drinks needed to be picked up at a separate drink bar where the two counters intersect right as you enter the building after seeing people with drinks before their food arrived.To me, the whole experience of Porto's was great. \u00a0The efficiency the staff executes to keep the crowds moving and the food churning out is amazing while still providing excellent quality and (this is my favorite part) stellar prices. \u00a0The sandwiches are around $6 each and are not skimpy on content. \u00a0The shakes were a few dollars, and the potato balls were less than a dollar each. \u00a0Again, the quality to price ratio is very high here. \u00a0I hope to get to go again.Summary: Parking is somewhat challenging so be patient. \u00a0Excellent food. \u00a0Stellar quality. \u00a0Great flavors and textures. \u00a0Try to the potato balls. \u00a0Tons of baked goods. Amazing prices. \u00a0Efficient and helpful staff. \u00a0It's as everyone claims.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Jason K.", "time": "7/30/2010"}, {"content": "Best potato balls ever! Yum. \u00a0The food here is amazing! Line can be long during lunch time, but so worth the wait! There is parking right behind the building that is free. \u00a0You might have to circle a couple of times, but it doesn't take long. \u00a0Highly recommend.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Christine F.", "time": "5/2/2014"}, {"content": "My first time there - and even with all the tables packed and people in line, this was a 'light' day for this staff. Despite the amount of people their staff had to deal with, Porto's was moving people through at a comparatively mind-boggling pace - it must be absolutely exhausting to work there. Given the flow of people, you really have to give them credit for how fast they were processing through the lines.I had the steak torta and potato balls (and a coffee, but that's pretty standard - it was ok!). I'd never had banana chips like that before - much more mild flavor than I'm used to, which is really pleasant. The steak torta was delicious, and very reasonably priced for what you got. The meat just fell apart (the best way), and while I didn't try any of the desserts... well, I probably shouldn't be doing that anyways. But they kept taunting me - recurring nightmares of desserts in my future?Lunch for two of us ran just shy of $20 - and we ended up taking some of lunch back with us.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Peter L.", "time": "9/5/2012"}, {"content": "I have heard that the food at this place is amazing, but I can't verify that because I never received my order. I ordered the Porto's Veggie to go and approached an employee after waiting almost twenty minutes. The employee rolled her eyes and said that she would refund the sandwich. She never offered an apology for the mix up and never even attempted to find my order. The efficiency with which she handled the refund was remarkable; I'm guessing this happens a lot? I understand that this is a very popular and busy restaurant, but wouldn't it have been better customer service to just apologize and get my order? In the end I wasted a half hour of mine time and left with no food. Between the service and the parking I will not be making a return trip to Porto's.", "rating": "1.0 star rating", "name": "Katie C.", "time": "4/7/2015"}, {"content": "If you're ever craving a nice lunch or dessert, THIS IS THE PLACE TO BE AT!My mom always brings home boxes of porto's pastries from the mini tiramisu to the creme brulee, no matter what it is, I'm always the first person to get the first pastry out of the box. \u00a0In addition to there amazing pastries, they have great cuban sandwiches which are always super fresh and delicious.I'm finally writing a review for this place because a couple of days ago, I got a delicious fruit tart cake for my friend's birthday. \u00a0I decided to get the smallest one because there weren't that many people. \u00a0The staff was great, and they were so accommodating with writing a personalized message on the cake for me.The only reason why I'm deducing one star from this place is that it's always PACKED! \u00a0It's good for them to have lots of business, but for the customers it's kind of a hassle. \u00a0But I have to say the delicious food does make up for it, so it's all objective.Enough said, EAT HERE :D", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Todd N.", "time": "2/20/2011"}]