[{"content": "Went here with a small group for lunch, and even though it was quite crowded with long lines, the wait didn't take very long so we were seated and served fairly quickly. After coming here a few times, it always seems really busy, but it's never too much of a hassle to eat there. We ordered from the bakery and the cafe, and all the food was fantastic. \u00a0 The pastries and baked goods are, of course, delicious and very cheap. I have to say my favorites are the empanadas, guava cheese rolls, and croquettes. They have some of the best empanadas since they're so buttery and crumbly with a little sweetness. The guava cheese rolls are so flakey and taste amazing, and I actually prefer the croquettes over the famous potato balls since they have a really moist inside with lots of cheesy flavor.  \u00a0 \u00a0The cubano is always delicious, the perfect combination of flavorful pork, cheese, pickles, and mustard. I like how the bread is crunchy and firm without being too hard or hurting your mouth. The plantain chips that come with the sandwich are light and crispy. I tried the pan con bistec as well. The beef was juicy and went well with the onions. The lechon plate was good too. Even though some parts of the pork were slightly dry, it was flavorful throughout and the black beans were tasty. Finally, we tried the tostones, which were twice fried plantains topped with either vaca frita or chicken, and they were a nice appetizer-like dish. The vaca frita was juicy, and the plantains, which were surprisingly not too dry, had a nice chewiness to them. \u00a0 Like everyone says, Porto's is awesome. All the food is so good and still amazingly cheap.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Dillon L.", "time": "5/30/2016"}, {"content": "Portooosssss! Why can't you open one in the Westside??!! Maybe it is best that you don't open in the Westside or else I'll become as big as a hippo! Their pastries ARE TO DIE FOR. I love their cookies, their guava and cheese pastries, chocolate anything and everything! I hate driving far, and standing in long lines. But Porto's is worth the long drive and the long wait. Their food is pretty good as well. I haven't had good cuban food since Little Havana in Miami, but Porto's is the closet thing. Their Cubano sandwich are so good! Their plantains are perfectly sweet and slightly crisp on the outside! Their lechon plate with rice and beans... so simple, and yet soooooo good!!!! Don't even get me started on their potato balls! I can eat a whole batch of them and not even bat an eyelash. Everything I had ordered from them never disappoints.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Ruby K.", "time": "4/18/2016"}, {"content": "I've been to Porto's time and time again. It's good.Always:Potato BallsCheese RollsI've been trying to purchase something new each time I go. Stuff I've enjoyed most:-Cheese and Pepper stuffed Potato Balls: delicious! hard to decide between this and the original.-Meat Pies: Nothing super different here than other empanada-type pastries I've had before, but it's definitely good enough to garner a mention.-Guava Cheese Pastry: The guava is nice touch! I still prefer the original cheese roll (not to mention the sticky hands after touching the guava) but this is also good.Will continue to update. Cheers!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Elliott P.", "time": "8/13/2015"}, {"content": "It's hard to imagine a world without Porto's. This majestic place happens to be one of the greatest bakeries that has ever existed. \u00a0You want some cakes or pastries that will make you the star of any office party or family gathering? \u00a0Come here first, load up on heavenly baked goods and carpe diem!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Otto A.", "time": "9/14/2016"}, {"content": "Prices are reasonable and the food was great I can't complain about anything other than it was packed but hey this place is a staple in Burbank so I'm guessing it's always packed.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Marlo M.", "time": "5/1/2016"}, {"content": "I first had Porto's when my brother brought it home. I completely fell in love with the potato balls. I LOVE POTATOES!! POTATO EVERYTHING! I also loved the cheese rolls! AMAZING!After Naimes, me and my girls stopped by here. The service was quick and friendly even with a \u00a0long line. Of course, I ordered a dozen potato balls and cheese rolls. I also tried to guava cheese roll and I loved it. My parents loved it as well. I can't wait to come back!EVERYONE TRY THE POTATO BALLS AND CHEESE ROLLS!!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Nancy L.", "time": "2/9/2016"}, {"content": "What can I say a little bit of my Cuban Island with a mixture of different sweetness from different cultures creates a melting Pot of goodness .. You will see customers from all nationalities enjoying such yummy food and desserts from the customer service to the cleanliness you won't be disappointed, So many times through the years I've visited Porto's it's always consistent and never disappoints . Worth the wait in line less crowed \u00a0between 2:00-4:00 during the week weekends are crowed . See you soon Porto's :)", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Maria C.", "time": "9/6/2016"}, {"content": "Potato balls need to be a part of your life. The wait is worth it. Perfect snack size portion; buy a dozen and share with friends, family or co-workers. You will be an instant hit!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Jennifer W.", "time": "7/22/2016"}, {"content": "Porto' is absolutely delicious. I don't think we have ever eaten anything that we dislike in portos. From their variety of cakes, to small pastries, to savory treats they are great!!We recommend to order ahead of time if you plan for a large order, a customized cake, or any cake usually just in case!! It gets SUPER busy on the weekends, so ordering ahead of time also saves you time!!Service is great even though it's crazy busy though!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Daniel D.", "time": "2/20/2016"}, {"content": "Was in town and decided to stop by. I didn't know Portos was a huge deal but I now know why! The line seems a little long but the staff handles it well and are super friendly! I recommend the cheese rolls! I also got the guava cheese rolls but it was a little too sweet for my taste. Wish they had a portos in vegas :( i'll be back one day!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Mary R.", "time": "9/17/2016"}, {"content": "Get the potato balls, no matter what. They're amazingly flavorful, and I can make a meal out of them without even trying. If you want sweet, go for the guava strudel, available with or (preferably) without cheese. If it's a meal time, the Cuban is available all day with a side of fresh plantain chips. If you need caffeine, grab an iced chai latte or a cuban coffee.Don't be intimidated by a long line: service is friendly, the line moves quick, and everything is tasty.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Stefany V.", "time": "2/15/2015"}, {"content": "Portos in Burbank is my 2nd home. I'm here daily for my coffee and on the weekends, I treat myself to their delicious pastries. The cakes are amazing! I'm so grateful to the staff at the coffee bar. Claudia, Michael, Jorge and Ruby . They make the best cappuccinos and cortadito!Diana, Gisela, and Eric in customer service are excellent . They are cashiers by the food pick up area. If Mrs Betty Porto is reading this post. The staff I just mentioned need a raise ! It's hard to find great customer service nowadays . Portos is lucky to have this amazing workers!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Maggie M.", "time": "6/30/2016"}, {"content": "Came from visiting out of San Francisco, received recommendations from friends to visit this place and was it well worth it. there was a long line but the line went by quick. We ordered multiple of the very tasty potato balls which we should have ordered more from the ride home , the cheese-filled bread was very delicious as well. Those potato balls were something that we need back home in the bay area and I hate myself for not getting more of that lovely goodness of it. Spending 47$ on different party's and the potato balls was well worth it.It was the final destination for my birthday weekend so I went to get port's for the ride home, and I'm so happy I stopped here. Parking was right in front so it was meant to be.This will be my go to place anytime I'm in socal. Get the potato balls, you won't be disappointed.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Matthew M.", "time": "3/8/2016"}, {"content": "Amazing Amazing Amazing!!! Trust me, you have to give them a try. It is worth a 30 minute drive if need be. There are too many things to and that I really like from Thai place. Enjoy!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "James W.", "time": "4/8/2016"}, {"content": "When there's a line down the street to get in, you know it's good.It's like the Disneyland of bakeries! Both in terms of charm, quality, and lines!I went on a Sunday, and the place was packed--yet very organized and efficient, I was surprised how fast the lines moved.The baked goods are great, and reasonably priced. I got the Chicken Torta sandwich, with olive spread and goat cheese and it was delicious on the house-made roll.TIP: If you go to the right you're in the bakery line, which is longer, but has more choices. If you just want a sandwich, go to the left.TIP: There are several parking lots, not just the one directly behind the restaurant. Drive through the alley and you'll see two more.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Daniel W.", "time": "8/9/2015"}, {"content": "This is my first visit at Porto's Bakery. The line was pretty long, but moving at a decent pace ... so the wait wasn't bad at all. My bf and I wanted to try their famous cheese rolls and meat pies! Anthony was the person that helped us and was very impressed by how well he remembered our order. We had a fairly long list and had to make minor adjustments because they were out of the ham & cheese croquettes. Anthony was able to repeat our exact order from memory, just from listening to minor changes on our order. His recall memory is impeccable! Anywho, the pastries were delicious!!!! The cheese rolls are to die for and the meat pies reminded me of my mom's home made impenadas. The only difference is the bread! I am definitely coming back to the Burbank location the next time I am in town!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Kris P.", "time": "8/19/2015"}, {"content": "Good food, bomb pastries, busy atmosphere and for being as bumping as it always is it has exceptional service.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "David M.", "time": "9/15/2016"}, {"content": "My very first time coming here over the weekend. I've only ever tried the stuff my sisters brought home because they always stop by this location when they're in SoCal. I'm actually very glad that I got to finally experience the Porto's experience because it was pretty cool seeing how they handle their business. From the moment you step up to the front door, an attendant will tell you to either step to the side to wait to go inside or they'll let you right in, depending on how busy it is. Of course, we came on a Sunday so I wouldn't be able to tell you how packed it gets on a weekday, but it sure was poppin' on Sunday. Porto's is a Cuban bakery/caf\u00e9 so there's some Cuban dishes you might want to try. I ordered a dozen Potato Balls (REALLY GOOD), half a dozen chocolate croissants, and a dozen guava rolls. Unfortunately, they were out of the guava rolls. I was looking forward to those because the last time my sisters brought some home, they were gone within minutes LOL! I also ordered a Milk'n'Berries dessert for myself and let me tell you, that is one delicious dessert! Not too heavy, it's actually pretty light. The fruits taste so fresh and the cake inside was very light and tasty. I can see why this is a \"must go\" place when you're in SoCal. Porto's has really made a name for itself and for good reason. Definitely coming back for more when I'm down in SoCal again!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Chantelle D.", "time": "4/6/2016"}, {"content": "I've been to Porto's plenty of times, gotten food catered from Porto's plenty of times and what can I possibly say that other reviewers haven't already said? The food is absolutely delicious and sinfully unhealthy, but coming here, you know you're gonna get some good food.My top 3 recommendations are, the cheese. Killer, so darn good! Cheesy, sweet and flaky pastry, the best! The sandwiches are also delicious. I love the vegetarian cuban. And the guava cheese pastry, can you see the trend here? I love anything cheesy. Oh, and their spinach pastry is also amazing. Too bad it's always sold out when i get here though.The cafe is clean but always packed. They can't help that their shop is doing really well, and the people behind the counters try to do their best, but expect to wait at least 10-15 minutes in line. And try to come in early, especially on weekends, a lot of the items will be sold out.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Anna M.", "time": "8/30/2015"}, {"content": "I want to thank Becky for her patience and for explaining the difference of cakes I wanted to order. She was kind and very friendly. I give it 3 stars because the bad experience was the cashier Gabriela, not kind, no smile no greetings from her. I was waiting pay and instead she cashed out her co worker who came after I did. She was very rude and had a stink face look. She needs to learn from Becky", "rating": "3.0 star rating", "name": "Serg L.", "time": "3/20/2016"}]