[{"content": "This bakery is amazing. I really really wish there was one closer to me!! So far everything I've had is delicious... My favorite is the potato balls and cheese swirls and the chai tea latte. The guava strudels with cheese and meat pies are yummy too. Pretty much everything here is good... The lines are super long but the service is fast and efficient- prices are reasonable as well. Love love this place and I should be glad that it's far from me because I'll be a huge whale if it were any closer.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Cindy N.", "time": "6/2/2015"}, {"content": "I'm from the Bay Area and I've only had Portos when family made trips down to SoCal.Today was my first day physically being here. It was busy, however, according to staff, today was considered a \"slow day\". Anywho, I loved my experience here & I love the staff. Yvette (I think that was her name) from Bakery Pick-Ups / Pre-Order greeted us w a warm smile and was very efficient. Arturo, who rang us up, was very nice and very accommodating. And the gentleman in the front (I'm sorry I didn't get his name) was very open & very helpful making sure we were properly taken care of.For those wondering:I came in on a Thursday, 3pm / late afternoon. Time spent, about an hour -- ONLY BECAUSE we were being greedy and wanted to add a few more dozen pasties as well as drinks, lolFive stars all the way -- Worth every minute. Great food, and great staff.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Jacqueline Z.", "time": "3/26/2015"}, {"content": "My first time trying this place ! It was packed to the brim! A lot of chaos but it was so worth it. Get ready to wait in the longest lines ever ! Pastries is what I came in for and boy did I get it! Me and my husbands server was Jose he was amazing \u00a0 Five star employee ,he walked us through the virgin process of the crazy line ordering , what happens is you wait in line until your turn and when it's your turn you get a server who gets you any thing you pick and packs it for you it's like a donut shop but the pastry cases are massive so while he is packing your order up your walking the cases and he follows you so he won't miss your orders! The place also serves Cuban food which I did not stay for ! I gave them 4 stars because the bathrooms were dirty and all the sinks were leaking and broken for being a very successful bakery and cafe they should have top of the line sinks not broke down ones! There was toilet paper every where. I also think it's ridiculous that they charge for parking as if they don't make enough off us ! They have top of the line pastries I will keep coming back. But find parking else where!! Prices are high but match the quality of the pastries! Must try .", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Rachelle O.", "time": "7/25/2015"}, {"content": "The desserts here are to die for! I also love their sandwiches. Unfortunately, today I just came to purchase a cake for my brother's birthday! I got the berries with milk. I've had this before and it's delicious! Their cakes are moist and this one in particular, isn't too sweet, which is what my family likes. The lines are always long so it's kind of hard to tell when they're gonna have downtime. They're always friendly and ensure that their customers aren't kept waiting for a long time for their order to be ready. I definitely recommend their horchata smoothie which is like rice pudding heaven!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Cristina V.", "time": "6/11/2015"}, {"content": "I think I might be struck by lightning if I say anything bad about Porto's. Porto's is a piece of L.A. History, like Olvera Street and Bob's Big Boy. I will say this, I only go before 7:30 AM on a weekday morning and I won't go in if people are lining up outside. If it feels stressful, it's not worth it to me. I usually pick up something early in the morning to take to my co-workers. If you need to bribe somebody at work, bring them Porto's.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Lauren F.", "time": "10/9/2015"}, {"content": "Today's review is for a associate that was probably having a horrible day and shouldn't have came to work! I didn't get her name which I probably should have but she was working the drinks line. I had already gotten my drink and had picked it up when I decided to ask for a single pastry... The look on her face as she said \" if u want a pastry u need to wait in this line right here\"... (Line had 30 ppl in it) really? I just got a drink and paid 5 bucks! It's that difficult, for you to charge Me 85 cents. It's called being a lazy ass! When I had ask the lady who was making the drink she said just pay her it's no problem. Very bad service, and the sad part is that I'm a regular here! \u00a0Glendale location has way more better service. The 2 stars is because their pastries are fresh.", "rating": "2.0 star rating", "name": "Natalie K.", "time": "3/25/2016"}, {"content": "From the 1st bite (of the cheese rolls )I was \u00a0hooked!! I had a foodgasm~LOL I went for lunch & had the Cuban & wasn't disappointed. Needless to say I took home some cheese rolls,chocolate eclair,potato balls,meat pies,and fruit strusels, ALL of which were great, but the cheese rolls were my favorite! I'll be back!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Catherine W.", "time": "9/23/2015"}, {"content": "We went at about 7:30 pm and there were long lines but they moved quickly. We had a checkered dessert and a napolean. They were so delicious and very reasonably priced WELL WORTH THE WAIT AND PRICE!! We wish there was one close to home but sadly we are just passing through. GO!!! YOU WILL NOT REGRET!!! The staff was so helpful and friendly and can tell you anything about each dessert if you have a question.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Amy H.", "time": "10/8/2015"}, {"content": "It is a blessing in disguise that I do not live closer to this bakery. My waistline is forever grateful.I have been here several times and only once was the line not horrifically long. A lot of the times the line goes out the door and wraps around the corner. The parking lot here is pretty cramped, but not so stressful since it seems that they have hired someone to help guide you around to an empty parking spot in the lot. Yea, they are THAT popular.Everything I have tried here is delicious and surprisingly cheap! The meat pie and cheese roll are probably my two favorite bakery items, but the potato balls and chicken croquettes are definitely worth your time as well. As for the sandwiches, the steak torta is amazing! The meat is tender and flavored beautifully. The Cubano sandwich is tasty as well.I brought back a couple dozen cheese rolls for my coworkers and everyone loved it! It can get crowded during peak hours and on the weekend, but the line moves fairly fast, so don't be discouraged! Seriously, you need to try this place.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Sally T.", "time": "10/16/2013"}, {"content": "Porto's is to me what Disneyland is to a 5 year old.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Rachel C.", "time": "4/24/2016"}, {"content": "Delicioso! Took a side trip to Porto's on our way to visit the in laws in Los Angeles. \u00a0The wait was totally worth it regardless of the long lines. \u00a0Love their legendary cheese rolls and specialty drinks! \u00a0We shall return!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "EC M.", "time": "9/7/2015"}, {"content": "Love everything here , great coffee , fantastic deserts, price is ridiculously cheap , sandwiches are great ! Sooooo good!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Rob D.", "time": "10/6/2015"}, {"content": "This location surpasses the Downey location for 2 reasons1. Parking is much easier2. The lines are shorter.Hint for the parking: They have a bunch of spots that aren't directly behind the restaurant. Ask the parking attendant for help! They are super friendly and helpful!The food here is fantastic. There is a reason people flock to Portos from all parts of LA. The prices are CHEAP and the food is awesome. I really doesn't get much better than this.Must try items:Potato balls. Super fluffy mashed potatoes stuffed delicious ground beef. The beef is nicely seasoned. The flavors work really well with the fried mashed potatoes. LOVE THIS STUFFMeat pies: Another one of my favorites at portoes. The crust is delightfully flaky. The filling is fantastic. Lots of spices and great flavors. Do not miss out on this.CHEESE ROLLS: Addicting little things! Portos definitely knows how to make a wonderful flaky pastry. The cream cheese filling is sweet and smooth. The combination of the filling and the sugary and flaky crust is just fantastic. Try the guava variation too. The Guava cheese pastries are delightful as well!Pan con lechon: The pulled pork sandwich is amazing. The pork is so tender! It just melts in your mouth. The flavors are great. There is nothing to dislike about this dish. It's a very simple sandwich, but the flavors and the textures are just outstanding. Portos is an absolute MUST TRY in LA. Yes. the line to order looks awful. It moves pretty quickly. The staff here is really efficient. Yes, sometimes there aren't enough tables. But thats ok....take ur food to go. It'll still taste good in the car :)", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Emily C.", "time": "9/27/2012"}, {"content": "What can I say that hasn't already been said this is a good sized location but the parking is not so great. This location the line moved quickly and the food well this is PORTO's and the pastries are over the moon and the food is equally as good. I would go out of my way to come here, and have on several occasions it is that good. If you have not experienced this little slice of heaven then you do not know what you are missing. Make sure you get a pastry....", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Bonnie W.", "time": "4/7/2015"}, {"content": "The Parisian chocolate cake is worth the price! I'm a bout to go buy another one right now! So good it's insane, I never say no to this cake!!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Maria H.", "time": "4/22/2016"}, {"content": "It's illegal to travel to Cuba, but not to Porto's Bakery to get freshly baked muy sabroso pastries & cakes. Didn't try the food but I do recommend the cheese rolls and macaroons. If an item is under $1 you can ask for free sample. It's popular, so the line can run out the door. Think of it as a cultural experience...anyone in a communist country had to wait in long lines for food. At least at the end of this line you will actual have food to buy...good food.Update, I've finally tried their food a couple of times...stick to just the bakery...the food was only 2 star quality.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Alan V.", "time": "7/1/2014"}, {"content": "Horrible service. \u00a0Employees very unprofessional. \u00a0Will not return to burbank location.", "rating": "1.0 star rating", "name": "Jack D.", "time": "4/6/2016"}, {"content": "Thank heavens for Porto's. When I'm looking for cheap, yet delicious food, I go here hands down. The line sucks, especially when you hit the main meal times but it's totally worth it. The guava pastries, the cheese rolls, dulce kisses, the list goes on and on. I find myself always in awe of the many things they offer here at this place.I continue to be in love with this place. The prices are completely affordable (and a little insane), considering how good all the food is.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Kathy A.", "time": "4/7/2015"}, {"content": "Learn to give Portos time and make an afternoon out of your visit. Anything rushed would lose what this place is about.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Writers R.", "time": "4/22/2016"}, {"content": "I've been here so many times and have NEVER had a bad experience!Don't worry about the line. When you first walk in, there will be a huge line, but don't hesitate about making a purchase because of it. The line goes by FAST! Keep yourself busy and look at a paper menu since the display items will be difficult to see. If you're hungry, go with a sandwich too! My favorites are: Pan con Bistec and Steak Fajita. If you happen to be in before 11AM and want breakfast, the Ham and Cheese Croissant is delicious! For savory treats, the meat pies and potato balls are always a great choice. For sweet treats, of course the cheese rolls, but also, try the chocolate chip cookies!Don't forget to tip the person helping you!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Nitar L.", "time": "2/14/2013"}]