[{"content": "I've been hearing about this place for years and finally stopped in for lunch the other day. My sister had the tuna on a croissant and she added cheddar cheese. She can't stop raving about how good it was. I had the feta sandwich. The bread was toasty and good. The feta was sliced too thick and overpowered the tomatoes and onions which were almost non-existent. I don't know if I would order it again but I do want to try the other vegetarian sandwich if I return. The plantain chips that came with our sandwiches were delicious and we got the garlic sauce to dip them in which made them even more delicious!! I also got the small garden salad w/spinach, feta, cranberries and caramelized pecans w/raspberry vinaigrette dressing. I wish I would have ordered the large one. Yummy!! To drink I got the orange smoothie. It was very weak on flavor and made me wish it had vanilla ice cream in it. After we ate we ordered some things from the bakery. My sister got the caramel eclair and loved it. We both got the lemon poppyseed mini bundt cake. The cake lacked flavor but it had a great consistency. I got the chocolate chip muffin and it also lacked flavor. I also got the flourless chocolate cake and it was too rich for me. We both got a peanut butter and a chocolate chip cookie and they were both pretty weak on flavor. My sister has tried their teacakes previously and loved them but they didn't have them or we must have missed them. We will both return and give it another try but we don't understand the big deal on the bakery items. They were really not that special.", "rating": "3.0 star rating", "name": "Mariel M.", "time": "4/16/2015"}, {"content": "Sweet bread yummy.Red forest cupcake very, very, very dry. BlechWon't be back EVER.", "rating": "3.0 star rating", "name": "Suzy H.", "time": "7/20/2014"}, {"content": "I love coming to Porto's because of the vibe. \u00a0The employees are super friendly. My favorite is their pastrami sandwich and papaya melt.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Gaby M.", "time": "4/16/2015"}, {"content": "How am I writing a review w/o ever visiting this bakery? Easy - because Cristal C. was enjoying her weekend getaway in SoCal and happened to grab me a few (make that 6) pastries. I asked her to get me anything chocolate or whatever else but definitely no fruits. She asked me if I am ok w/ the spinach and cheese and cheese rolls and of course it was a \"hell yeah\" so then 7 hours later, she texted me and asked where I would like to pickup the goods. I wish I can rate a Yelper because I would give Cristal C. 5 stars easy because she was sweet enough to get me the pastries and got me exactly what heavenly pastries must have tastes like. We met up at House of Bagels on San Carlos and w/in 2-3 minutes, I see her biking towards me. Yesterday was my first time meeting her and it was such a pleasant albeit short conversation... she is a joy and I am glad I made a friend that not only loves to eat, she bookmarks stuff that I would, and a fellow Giants fan. She was wearing her Giants top and I was in mine.. it was like it was meant to be; 2 girls w/ similar interests! The spinach and cheese selection was flaky, not dry at all, savory, creamy, and extremely smooth.. the cheese rolls was very flakey (definitely a mess after I gave a piece to my monster), slightly cheesy, and super delicious. Let's see... I picked up the pastries around 4PM PST yesterday (10/28) and today (10/29) before 6PM PST, the box is cleaned. I will pay for this later w/ Insanity even though I worked out at the gym after work. Tomorrow I need to put in effort at the gym and at home w/ Insanity again. But let me tell you that the pastries were worth it.. oh so worth it.\"Thank you, Cristal C.!\"", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Tram N.", "time": "10/29/2012"}, {"content": "Parking lot gets full but the services to get pastries is fast. Love Love the cheese rolls, chocolate croissants, and guava and cheese rolls. Always the best I always bring their pastries to parties and they are consistently a crowd pleaser.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Tiffany T.", "time": "5/8/2014"}, {"content": "Very yummy place.I would recommend the potato balls, the cakes, the pastries, the sandwiches, oh wait..EVERYTHING! Can't go wrong going to Portos. Maybe the juice could be sweeter but that's not really a big deal to me.Yum!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Angy V.", "time": "12/24/2013"}, {"content": "Love this place! The bakery is delicious! The line is usually super long (but it moves quickly and the staff copes with it well), and parking is a bit difficult, but it's definitely worth it.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Megan P.", "time": "4/1/2015"}, {"content": "The potato balls are amaze balls. This place is pretty nostalgic to me. I can remember my mom coming home from work from time to time with a box of potato balls, one of the most epic foods of all time. Picked up a couple dozen on Christmas Eve for the second year in a row, and it's been mandated that this become a new tradition. In spite of the madness to get in here on Christmas Eve I have to say things ran quite smoothly. Despite the line going down the street they were super efficient: I was directed to the expedited line since I was just ordering potato balls it only took me ten minutes total and the staff was nice. Now if only their anxious holiday customers in the parking lot were so kind. Anyway I've tested their coffees, salads, soups, sandwiches, etc. and everything checks out. Just need to check out those guava cheese things everyone seems to be nuts about.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Amber M.", "time": "12/28/2013"}, {"content": "Love this place and their pastries! The parking could be improved but we deal with it", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Valley G.", "time": "11/14/2015"}, {"content": "Everything is awesome at Portos. I have never had anything I didn't love. Potato balls, cakes, tarts, empanadas, Cuban sandwiches, breads, spinach Danish, meat pies, and everything else is delicious.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "D S.", "time": "3/31/2015"}, {"content": "After a co-worker told me about the amazing pastries in this bakery, I had to stop in and check it out for myself. \u00a0 I started to smell the deliciousness from 2 streets away! \u00a0My co-worker had warned me that the lines are always long no matter what time of the day. \u00a0He wasn't joking! Thankfully the staff is very efficient and the lines move amazingly fast.When we got to the counter I told our 'guy' that this was my first time in here. \u00a0Immediately he reached for a cheese roll, handed it to me to sample and said it was the most popular. \u00a0(It was very good!) Then he disappeared in the kitchen and came back with a caramel filled shortbread cookie-thing \u00a0that had just come out of the oven and handed it \u00a0to me to try. OMG, melt-in-your-mouth piece of Heaven! I bought a dozen of those to go. For lunch I chose a tuna melt (highly recommend), and a pina colada mousse for dessert (YUM!!)My boyfriend, who has been here several times, ordered potato balls and meat pies to go.Later in the evening I had to try these highly rated potato balls. I was expecting a ball of potato, not a meatball covered in potato. Let me say that they are awesome, however once I tried the meat pie that was it. The meat pie is without a doubt the best meat pastry EVER! I'm still thinking about it days later. \u00a0GET THE MEAT PIE!!!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Florence H.", "time": "2/13/2014"}, {"content": "I have been coming to this bakery for 2 years, maybe longer.They have delicious cakes. We have a large family and eat about 7 of their cakes a year when celebrating birthdays. I can honestly say they have delicious cake. Pasteries are phenomenal. Lunch is delicious. Smoothies are decent, for the most part i think i could make a better smoothie at home. Chicken Corquets are to die for. I do not eat pork products but my boyfriend tells me the CUban sandwich is great. I prefer the Fajita (chicken and Beef) both very delicious.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Julie G.", "time": "7/18/2014"}, {"content": "Went here with a few friends. The food I ate from this place was yummy but there was a line that could take some time to get through though before you can order your selection of food and maybe drinks? Seems like a popular place?", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "James S.", "time": "5/17/2015"}, {"content": "So sad, my first time here but on my last last day here in LA. If I only knew. I was taken back by how spacious and busy it was. Almost as if I were in a mall. They have so many employees and they are all so very helpful. I had the famous potato balls along with the warm coffee cake and a cappuccino. \u00a0Delicious!The pastries!! The coffee!!! Made for each other. \u00a0Till next time Porto's, till next time.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Francesca V.", "time": "8/16/2014"}, {"content": "The line is long but well worth the wait. Their pastries and cakes are seriously delicious. I would definitely recommend.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Genesis G.", "time": "4/30/2015"}, {"content": "Just thinking about Porto's cheese rolls as I write this review makes me salivate. They are to die for! This was my first time actually going to a Porto's myself - previously I've always had friends bring me some on the way up from Disneyland/LA. I wasn't expecting a full-blown bakery + restaurant, but that's what I got. We ordered a dozen cheese rolls, a couple of chocolate croissants, guava and cheese strudels, apple strudels, potato balls, and meat pies. As well as a mango smoothie on the suggestion of a good friend. My friends/family from the Bay Area were more than pleased when I came back with these goodies! The cheese rolls top everything else that we ordered, and I didn't care too much for the meat pie or potato ball - but for less than $25, I couldn't have been happier with my purchase! The mango smoothie was a little underwhelming at first, but I soon realized that it's subtle taste made it a great drink to go with the sweet pastries. Definitely recommend trying it at least once! We will definitely be back the next time we are in the area :)", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Mina C.", "time": "3/30/2015"}, {"content": "I just ate 1/2 of a veggie sandwich with grilled chicken (the next day) and I'm so satisfied. I added a side of honey mustard from home. Sooo good. One of the best sandwiches I have had in a long time. My boyfriend loves the potato balls, he ordered ten. The apple strudel was also delicious. The apple bran muffin was another awesome hit with us. Everything else looked amazing. I would totally get a bunch of items from this place and take them to work. The nurses would love it. It's kind of an unforgettable place. Nothing fancy really. It's a very spacious bakery. We were there right before closing. My boyfriend said they are packed during lunch time. They have awesome hours. At the time I am writing this review they were 6:30am-8pm. They should open more all over Los Angeles because I rarely have a reason to go to Burbank. The only reason I was in the area was to drop my sister off at bob hope airport.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Sara A.", "time": "4/1/2014"}, {"content": "This place is definitely the place to get your sweets and baked goodies. Not to mention their delicious smoothies ! I love love love and definitely recommend the pi\u00f1a colada smoothie. The downside is the place gets so hectic and busy but hey what can you expect from the best bakery out there .", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Melissa T.", "time": "10/28/2015"}, {"content": "I can't say enough about Porto's and their assortment of sandwiches and pastries. From their amazing potato balls to their homey croissants, I haven't had anything I didn't like. I have enjoyed their food so much that I even chose them to do my wedding cake (Glendale location).I can't express my love for them enough! Don't change Portos", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Stephen H.", "time": "2/20/2014"}, {"content": "Love it, always busy, people don't crowd the Craven, you'll get your donut holes, Sister, hang in there, Princess of Glendale, hang in there, Girl. \u00a0What delicious offerings...I like when the old family baking ladies help me, they are matriarchs of a truly wealthy \"with capital W) Porto dynasty family...a true gold mine....went to college w/ one of the young men family members and their many places and ownerships truly impressive, what a gold mine....... \u00a0I always enjoy Portos and it would be terrific having one in East Valley where I recently purchased...Hidden Hills which is between Woodland Hills and Kardashian Land, er, I mean Calabasas.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Craven M.", "time": "3/16/2015"}]