[{"content": "Love getting the Media Noche Sandwich - All the pastries and Sandwiches here Are Great - Glad to have found it!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Brian K.", "time": "10/19/2012"}, {"content": "Everyone talks about the cheese rolls but the guava rolls are really good. I would also say their apple tarts are flaky and crispy on the outside, and filled with delicious apples on the inside.Overall, this location moves their lines fast and efficiently. The staff is friendly while helping you, and even though bustling with customers, take the time to help you out with your order.There is ample parking in the back and the store is clean. Would definitely go back.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Paul V.", "time": "5/27/2010"}, {"content": "If you have a sweet tooth this is the place to go! They have THE BEST desserts and pastries. I absolutely LOVE their potato balls, carrot cake, and chocolate chip cookies!They also have GREAT soups and sandwiches. I love the ham with swiss on a croissant. Be warned that once you go, you will become addicted to the delicious food!hmmmmmm...definitely 5 stars!..the only thing is that it gets \u00a0very crowded..the max i have waited in line is 15-20 minutes on the day before christmas, usually the wait is less than 10 minutes.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Karla S.", "time": "1/21/2010"}, {"content": "I've posted before, and gave high numbers to Porto's...However, how can this place charge $2.50 for a chocolate covered strawberry???My fiance and I went for lunch yesterday. \u00a0We figured the strawberries would be affordable, like the other fare. \u00a0We were wrong. \u00a0The strawberries were nothing special - I should have just bought a jumbo-sized chocolate covered strawberry from Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory for $2. \u00a0OR, gone to the all-you-can-eat buffet at Horseshoe Casino, in Council Bluffs, IA; they offer unlimited chocolate covered strawberries w/ the buffet.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Erin O.", "time": "10/29/2009"}, {"content": "I am madly in love with Porto's. Seriously, this place is... like what I imagine heaven to be. OK OK, aside from the crowd, which it's no wonder that they're so crowded, really. Here's why:1. INSANELY GOOD FOOD. seriously. I have a love affair with dessert and no matter if it's a breakfast-style pastry or a cheesecake or cupcakes, I haven't really had anything I dislike. My favorites (and yes, I have many) include: Coconut, guava cheese, apple, regular cheese strudel/rolls, red velvet cake/cupcakes, dulce de leche cookies, croissants, potato balls, medianoche sandwich, green tea smoothie, strawberry shortcake, chocolate chip cookies... to be continued! Which leads me to my next point:2. RIDICULOUS VARIETY. This place is like a factory. There are so many things, that it's almost conflicting for me because I want to try everything, but I don't want to indulge so often where I'm pigging out there constantly, AND I want to continue having my old favorites too! Maybe I should make it a lifelong aspiration. It really would take me that long, it seems.3. OUTRAGEOUSLY CHEAP. Seriously, how does this place stay in business? For the quality that they're providing, it blows my mind how cheap they are. An amazingly moist red velvet cake that I bought for my brother's fiance's birthday was like 23 bucks or something stupidly cheap. And it is, without a doubt, the best red velvet cake I've had, ever. Tasty and gorgeous to look at!!4. AWESOME SERVICE. So after having herds and herds of people come in, the place almost constantly crowded, I don't understand how the people working behind the counter are so patient, nice, and have really good memory. They rarely write my order down, I've never once had it messed up, and after I point at like 500 different pastries dumbly asking \"what's that?\" they still manage to answer me with a smile, describing what's in it, etc. How do they do it?I once heard someone at a party tell someone else that they didn't like Porto's. I can never be friends with that person.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Robin S.", "time": "9/8/2011"}, {"content": "I'm not one to give 5 stars very often, but OH MY GOD did Portos live up to the hype. We drove a little over half an hour to get to the Burbank Portos and got really lucky finding a parking spot just as a car was leaving - it's otherwise pretty hard to snag a spot in their parking lot, though there are always the street parking and neighboring lot options.This place is absolutely beautiful first of all - and HUGE! When you go in, we were handed paper menus to browse while we waited in line. There are two main lines (Cafe and Bakery - and also a cake line off to the side), but they told us that we could line up in either Cafe or Bakery for any of their items. My friend and I each ordered the Yelp-recommended Potato balls, and Cheese sticks - which did not disappoint! They were delicious, though one of each is more than enough to satisfy. I then got a Caprese sandwich (tomatoes, basil, greens, fresh mozzarella, and prosciutto -- the best part!), while my friend got a grilled vegetable panini. Mine was better. All sandwiches also come with yummy banana chips. We then each got (virgin) mojitos which were absolutely PERFECT for a hot summer day.I'll definitely be back - though next time I might also want to snag a guava smoothie! They were handing out samples of it as we were leaving and I almost ran back inside to get one. YAY PORTOS!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Bonnie C.", "time": "8/25/2010"}, {"content": "Whenever my mom was in a good mood, she'd bring home a big box of cheese bread (or more properly known as cheese rolls but whatever). It didn't matter if that box was stuffed full - they'd be gone in a day with me, my siblings, and my mom and dad devouring them. Not to mention every person who came by our house would grab a couple. If you wanted them to last more than a day you'd have to hide a few of those suckers.There are other things there - I've had the apple turnover thingy once and I remember thinking it was good. But honestly all I can really remember is the cheese bread and that's the only thing my mom would ever bring home.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Karina G.", "time": "10/7/2009"}, {"content": "How can you NOT give this place 5 stars? I don't even like plantain chips and I can't help but give them 5 stars! My favorites are the potato balls, empanadas, and meat pies! I could eat 10 of each in one sitting. And the Parisian chocolate cake, holy crap! If they're out when I go, it ruins my day, but the triple chocolate mousse is great too. The cake though, you HAVE to try it! It's the only birthday cake I accept now. :) My only gripe is that they close too early!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Stephanie G.", "time": "8/22/2012"}, {"content": "We drove a long way to get more of the awesome mango cheesecake. We were blown away by the excellent sandwiches for a lot less $$ than other good sandwich shops.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Jeremy J.", "time": "8/22/2012"}, {"content": "This place really is as good as most people say it is.Yes, you have to wait in line for a while, but it's not that bad because it gives you time to ponder what you will try today. \u00a0When it comes to places like these, it's either good or it's not.....and this place is good. \u00a0The potato balls were pretty darn good. \u00a0The Dulce de Leche Bundt cake was just moist and sticky enough, packed with caramelly goodness, while not overwhelming you with sweetness. \u00a0The Mango Cheesecake was pleasantly creamy and the flavor evolved in my mouth with a finish that left me feeling like I just bit into a real mango! \u00a0Their Passion Iced Tea on tap was delicious.Not only was this stuff really good, but all these things that I picked out cost less than $6.00!!I was very pleased with this place for my first time, and it is an establishment that I will definitely frequent again and again, if only to have a chance to try everything at least once.I kinda wish it was closer to my house though, but then again it might be a good thing for this place to keep its distance because if I went there more often, I might become the F-word....fat.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "John C.", "time": "1/15/2008"}, {"content": "This place is a freaking goldmine...i want shares! :) \u00a0It is very noisy but that's because they do so much business...I enjoy pretty much everything here... potato balls with chipotle dipping sauce..YUM! the sandwiches are good ..im not a fan of banana chips but that's OK...i also like there fresh squeezed orange juice...and the coffee is great and what about those ergonomically designed coffee tops...awesome invention! I love their ham and cheese croissant..its AWESOME,every bite is 20 minutes on the elliptical but its worth it ..lol.Im not a \u00a0huge sweets eater but i do like the tiramisu custard they serve very tasty...and of course lots of attractive cakes to pick up for parties ..Parking can be tough at times..well done! when can i buy stock ? :)", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Mike B.", "time": "7/5/2012"}, {"content": "The entire selection at Porto's Bakery is nothing short of amazing. I can't get enough of their potato balls, their spinach and feta croissants, and their medianoche sandwiches. And anytime I need a birthday cake, I stop by Porto's. :)The staff is always overworked with long lines of hungry people, but if that's any indication, it's worth the wait. I just wish the place was open longer to accommodate dinner hours.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Bryan L.", "time": "1/6/2010"}, {"content": "The best thing here is the price. It's very cheap. The guava strudel is very unique. It is sour and sweet. The cheese roll is ok. The creme brulee is lack on the sugar for the topping. It didn't even have a full sugar glazed on top.", "rating": "3.0 star rating", "name": "Bird S.", "time": "8/20/2012"}, {"content": "OMG please come to Sacramento you would make a killing and fatten me up some. \u00a0I promise I will try every menu item and I will even sing Guantanamera. \u00a0Loved the potato balls. My family and I tried the various sandwiches and we all agreed they were excellent. Simple but fresh ingredients and the sandwich bread on my Cuban Sandwich was delicious! \u00a0I thought we were back in Disneyland the lines were long and not a seat to be had but despite the craziness of it all the staff were polite and efficient.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Gilski R.", "time": "1/10/2013"}, {"content": "A stream lined approach at Porto's. The second location in Burbank improves on the first in that they actually have the two sections properly separated. While I love the first one, the lay out always was a cluster f___ in that you had both sections getting the hot sandwiches/food as well as dealing with long lines for the cafe and bakery part. Yes, there is a secret to deal with it that. I'll share that when I review the original, but considering it was a pain to send someone for a Porto's run and have them come back two hours later, improving on the set up was a much needed improvement. The Burbank location, while on the outside looks like it has less parking, doesn't deal with the stupid street meters that now litter Glendale. I hate those new electronic machines that you have to punch in the number spot you're in. Boo on the city for that. Back to this location, the parking, I have never had a single issue in finding parking. Every time I've pulled into the street area here there has always been at least one spot open. Your mileage may vary. On to the meat and potatoes. Literally. I love their potato balls. They are a thing of beauty. A ball of fried mashed potatoes with a little bit of meat in the center? Oh my god, I'm getting hungry now. The ham croquet is another delicious little treat. It's pretty much ground up ham and then breaded and fried. Again with the frying. I see a \u00a0theme here. The sandwiches are also amazing, though I've only had the cuban sandwich here, opposed to the original location that I had just about every thing on the menu. Good service, a whole lot better set up and I think it's even less crowded than the Burbank one. sounds like a solid reason to give this one a five'er", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Javier J.", "time": "6/24/2009"}, {"content": "I died and came to pastry heaven!! \u00a0My eyes got glassy when I walked the full length of the glass display counter - YUM!!The place was packed, but they were for fast and efficient there that it did not matter. \u00a0Tons of seating, inside and out.I had a feta sandwhich that was on a really fresh baguette with tomatoes, basil and olive oil. It's also served with plantain chips. \u00a0And for desert I had a chocolate cupcake.Can't wait to make eat my way thru the pastry selection :)", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Jennifer C.", "time": "9/22/2009"}, {"content": "This place has some of the best sandwiches I've ever had in my life. I had a turkey melt and my girlfriend had tuna. Everything was very fresh and extremely tasty. The roll was perfectly toasted. Very highly recommended.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Man M.", "time": "6/11/2013"}, {"content": "Great food and great prices.. \u00a0crazy line though. \u00a0Impossible to find parking during peak hours. \u00a0If you go, go early. \u00a0They also have a good pre-order system if you want to have catered food for your party. \u00a0Make sure you get there early during the day when you pick up your order. \u00a0The pre-order line is crazy too!", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Charlie A.", "time": "2/7/2012"}, {"content": "Amazing taste, huge varity, good prices, fast, frindly employees. The potatoes balls are to die for. Just love it!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Larina L.", "time": "2/8/2014"}, {"content": "So freakin' happy I was finally able to try Porto's in the flesh! In the past, I had been fortunate enough to have an aunt who would bring cheese rolls from Porto's to family parties. Oh those cheese rolls, so delicious! And there have been the other family parties where another relative brings the popular fruit tart...yum yum. You can only imagine my excitement to actually go to the bakery itself instead of just staring at an empty Porto's box at a relative's home. \u00a0The minute I entered, I was a bit taken aback by the sheer size of the place...it's huge! It was great how there was an employee handing out menus as soon as you enter to help you decide your order as you wait in line. \u00a0The boyfriend and I split a medianoche, and ordered a mango shake, a fountain drink, 2 potato balls, a meat pie, 2 cheese rolls, and 2 guava/cheese rolls (of course to be consumed later!) And for all that, our total was under $15! Unbelievable. Can't wait to come back!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Faye G.", "time": "8/2/2009"}]