[{"content": "When Porto's came to Burbank, it was like no one ever saw a real bakery before - the lines were so long - everyone dying to get in and see what all the buzz was about. As a fan or Porto's Glendale and willing to drive the extra mile to buy the most delicious pastries and sandwiches so when they came to Burbank I was thrilled! The grand opening excitement has died down the lines move very quickly and are worth every minute. The 'cake only' line is very fast and i cannot tell you how many times i needed a last minute cake and was so pleased with the selection, speed and free writing for the top! I love Porto's! And the chocolate croissants are to die for...", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "De I.", "time": "12/2/2012"}, {"content": "Yes, I'll have everything on your menu. GOD this place makes amazing orgasmic pastries. Cheese Rolls: YES TO DIE FORTRIPLE CHOCOLATE MOUSE: OMGGG Say AHHHHH Mango BOOB Cake: Oh YES! CREME BRULEE: Double YES! I love how they serve the mini portions, and if you get one of each your still not breaking the bank. I love how their pastries look so perfect. Usually you get something that looks amazing and then you eat it and taste HORRIBLE. Not with Porto's, I haven't had a bad meal. Even their sandwiches are awesome. if you haven't been you need to go..like now.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Rizza J.", "time": "4/25/2010"}, {"content": "Oh Porto's. I do adore you and all your DELICIOUSNESS! cheese rolls and guave strudels all day, everyday. Porto's is always packed cause it's that good and so worth the wait. Once you get through that long line, which moves pretty quickly, there are tons of food, beverage, and most important dessert options. The desserts are divine and the service is impeccable. The servers do not write anything down and remember your entire order, no matter how big it is, and ours was pretty big. HOW COOL IS THAT?! The sandwiches were made fresh and were ready fairly quickly. The guave smoothie is great, try it! The macaroons were yum yum. I'm glad I don't live in Burbank/Glendale, or I would be here all the time. I'm determined to try all of their deserts at some point, which might take a bit of time due to their large selection. Two thumbs up for sure!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Jannet V.", "time": "6/10/2012"}, {"content": "5 stars x a million!! Used to only be in Glendale, but expanded to Burbank. One of a kind! PORTO'S IS THE BEST!! The HYPE is the real deal! Lines start the moment they open and are ALWAYS long, but sooooo worth the wait! Cheese rolls are their specialty!Potato ballsMedianoche: ham, roasted pork, swiss cheese, mustard, pickle on soft, sweet cuban bread...dunk it in the garlic mojo and you'll be in heaven! Roasted pork sandwich: oven roasted pork with garlic mojo sauce on cuban bread..(i usually sub the bread for the sweet cuban bread its softer and yummier!)Pan con bistec: beef sandwich with onions on cuban bread (but i always get the softer bread). I don't get this all the time..I find the Mariquitas: banana chipsWe've also eaten the salads, vegetarian sandwich, and breakfast sandwiches (my fave is the egg and chorizo sandwich with the soft sweet bread) Don't forget dessert!!!We usually get: Tres Leches: cake soaked with three types of milk...hubby's fave!Fruit tartPina colada bomb..it is pretty bomb!Brownies: soft chocolatey goodness! this is the way to do brownies!Cheese rollsTiramisuOMG...the list is endless. Don't worry these are all individual servings...but they also make them big for parties!I think their RED VELVET tops it all off! They just started making it recently and it just really leaves me speechless....Sprinkles has officially become #2 ! And the cupcake only 1.50!!! It is bigger and half the price!! We recently bought the cake for my grandfather-in-laws birthday...and I was speechless! Sometime's when you make a bigger version of something small it doesn't taste right, but this was perfection in my book! French's Bakery's version of red velvet cake is nothing compared to Porto's!Porto's is THE master of baked goods! They also do party platters and they've been a HIT at my parties! Mini medianoche sandwich platter (little pricey, but worth it!!!) and potato balls. Ok I can go on and on...but I hope I got my point across!!!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Janet F.", "time": "5/4/2009"}, {"content": "this is the greatest place every in the history of humanity.The Pyramids, the Statue of Liberty, the Syndey Opera House, Porto's. The food is so awesome and so cheap that i just can't believe it. If this place were in santa monica the food would be twice the price and half as good. If you haven't been you owe it to yourself to drive to Burbank and get a sanwich and a pastry for desert. Its just that awesome.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Alex F.", "time": "11/4/2009"}, {"content": "mmmmMy New favorite place to be sugared up :DThey have SOOOO many deserts to choose from. I got fruit tart, creme brulee and chocolate mocha cake today.My next target...what should I get???", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Lei Z.", "time": "4/23/2010"}, {"content": "Oh MAN SO GOOD!! It was very difficult to find parking & the line seemed SO LONG but service was quick&efficient. :) Seating was also VERY DIFFICULT to find even though we came at around 130pm. The place inside is really nice though.I ordered the Media Noche Preparada & my mother ordered the Papa Preparada. I really wish I ate beef so I could try their ever so famous potato balls! But oh well. I got mine without butter or mayo and it was still \u00a0delicious & my mom seemed to thoroughly enjoy her order also. Also it came with the fried plaintains. They were SO GOOD. I've never had anything like it. MmmMmmmmm. I would come back just for their plaintains :) For dessert we had a tiramisu & guava pastry with a chai latte& coffee. The tiramisu was SO AMAZING. I was a litle bit skeptical that it would taste good at a cuban based place but WOW. It was creamy and the lady fingers weren't soggy or anything& inside the creamy goodness seemed to be like little chocolate balls which = delicious texture. :) The guava pastry was flaky and yummy. At first I thought there wasn't enough filling but the more I ate into the core, I almost felt like it was TOO SWEET and there was TOO much filling. But I still ate every single bit of that pastry. YUMMMI would pass on their chai latte& coffee though. I thought my chai latte was way too sweet but they were nice enough & added some hot milk. The coffee was mediocre. I've had their fruit tart (brought home) and it was REALLY GOOD TOO.Yum yum in my tum tum! :D", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Tiffany H.", "time": "12/31/2009"}, {"content": "Don't let the long lines fool you, you will be ordering and receiving your food before you know it. Friendly service. The food and desserts are ALWAYS delicious. I always get a potato ball, the Ropa Vieja and a strawberry banana smoothie.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Amanda M.", "time": "11/29/2012"}, {"content": "I don't visit LA without stopping by here for lunch. I had a habit of over-buying here, but you can't help yourself when you're faced with that huge array of desserts.Favorite meal:1. Media Noche Preparada sandwich (basically a standard cuban sandwich but in a delicious sweet roll, with croquettes stuffed into it as well).2. 3 x papa rellenas (imagine mashed potatoes rolled into a ball and stuffed with spiced ground beef and other deliciousness, lightly breaded and deep fried). this is the best thing on earth. 3. fresh squeezed orange juice. REALLY good juice served here.4. guava strudel. Everything else is amazing, but those are the gems. If you find yourself in the San Fernando valley, stop by. The glendale one is the original, but the Burbank one is generally a bit less crowded.One of my favorite places on the planet.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Alland B.", "time": "12/1/2009"}, {"content": "Best bakery in LA!!! There selection is amazing and very well priced I recommend them to anyone hands down great service.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Georgio A.", "time": "9/27/2012"}, {"content": "Every time I visit LA or even pass through LA, I have to stop at Porto's. Everything thing they have on their menu is freakin' delicious. They have beautiful/delicious cakes, yummy pastries, amazingly flavorful sandwiches (that come with banana chips), and good drinks to drink all that food down with.If you have never been here before, you have to try their cheese pastries, potato balls, and a sandwich. Also, if you tell them its your first time visiting they will usually give you suggestions of what to get, will give you some samples to try and sometimes even throw in a few free items :) The only down side to this place is that it is always super packed but luckily the line tends to move fast, and trust me folks, after one bite you'll realize the wait was so worth it.Why are you still reading this, go to Porto's already!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Priscilla O.", "time": "4/20/2010"}, {"content": "I am addicted to their cheese rolls. I finally tried their potato balls, after numerous rec's from yelp, but they weren't really that enjoyable. I did order their Media Noche and Media Noche Preparada. Both sandwiches were decent, but somewhat on the dry side. The Media Noche Preparada was more buttery than the regular Media Noche. I enjoyed that they also carried Inka Cola!! I will just stick to the cheese rolls and only get the other items if I'm hungry and don't want to drive to other places.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Wes S.", "time": "7/1/2007"}, {"content": "I finally got to eat at Porto's. I have tried their cakes from co-workers/friends and I really liked them. I ordered the empanada and potato ball and they were both amazing. I really liked them both. I also ordered the tiramisu as a dessert and was not to fond it. My bf tried the pork sandwich which was OK.Since Porto's is a known place in the area, the parking lot is full and there is a long line. The parking took time to find, but the line inside went by really fast.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Linh R.", "time": "11/9/2009"}, {"content": "Great food, great service. Don't be intimidated by the line, the service is really efficient.Their cubano sandwich is one of the best in the city, thinly sliced pork and ham with a delicious cheese, pickle, and mustard to top it off. I LOVE the potato balls and their spinach croissants. Pastry wise you've got to check out their strawberry cake and their guava pastry. Delish! Great selection of juices and coffee's. This place is also a great place to pick up a cake. My dad loves the carrot cakes and fruit tart's I bring back whenever I visit.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Annie B.", "time": "4/19/2010"}, {"content": "awesome pastries. \u00a0really enjoyed the guava and cheese pastry in particular - unique. \u00a0so good that the one downside is the long lines and crowded seating areas", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Mike K.", "time": "5/10/2013"}, {"content": "This is an LA standard, a place where you go when you need a solid cake, or pastry, or something of that sort. Yet, they have sandwiches and deli type items as well. So it's all good for lunch.Park out back, walk up front, get in line. Wait for less time than you'd think, order, sandwiches, sides, drinks, cakes you name it. Sit, place your number on your table and wait less time than you'd think again, and then out comes your food. Eat, enjoy.Porto's is a Cuban style bakery, or so I'm told. Basically its just a solid bakery, with Cuban specialties, like, medianoche sandwich, pan con lechon, the Cuban Sandwich.Try the potato balls.its not expensive, its quick, and you can indulge your sweet tooth on the other side of the place with cakes, cookies, god know what other delectable items they have in the bakery section.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Aaron R.", "time": "8/3/2007"}, {"content": "This is a very large bakery that offers a huge number of items. I have tried a bunch of them and the quality is not even. Generally the prices are much better than average including the most reasonably priced eclairs in town - $1.50 Cinnamon roll - terrible, like a giant hunk of wonder bread with minimal cinnamon and icing, very thick rolls of dough Tres Leches - fair to good, the sauce was great but the cake was too fragile and bland Cheesecake -fair to good, not quite creamy enough for my taste and not sweet enough. The crust was thin (this is a plus) but could have been crispy instead of mushy Turnover - excellent, extremely flaky and almost cavernous crust, unfortunately the filling did taste like canned pie filling but the crust was good enough to overcome this, also they could omit some of the excess sugar on the top. Empanada - I never really like these and this one was no exception, too much crust, bland uninteresting crust, the mango filling was good enough to scoop out with a spoon but forget the rest of this pastry. Sourdough bread loaf - good but nothing special and similar to the better quality sourdough breads available at the supermarket Chalah - terrible, dry with excessive egg and sweet flavor, crust was worse than wonder bread Mango mousse - interesting and worth ordering but had an uninteresting crust on the base (could have been crispy) and a big piece of yellow cake in the middle Eclair -Outstanding, they have both caramel and chocolate, the caramel is really crisped sugar and is not as good as the chocolate. Both are have an excellent pastry and custard. Dulce de Leche cookie: good, a specialty of this place. They are shaped like a Hershey's kiss. The cookie is interesting tasting on it's own and is filled with a dulce de leche cream. While I enjoyed the cookie very much, I really had enough of it after about 1/2 the cookie when I wanted to try a different flavor.", "rating": "3.0 star rating", "name": "Robert S.", "time": "9/12/2009"}, {"content": "One New Years I decided to do a Cuban theme, complete with mojitos (before they became as ubiquitously cliche as the cosmo), potato balls, meat pies and cuban black beans and rice. It was inspired by an afternoon visit here, and it has become a tradition in my little family ever since. I love how the folks at Porto's speak Spanish to me, and I respond in kind with a head nod and a smile since I have no idea what they're saying. I somehow think that if I front as Cuban it gets me in and out of the madness here that much quicker. This technique works for me in Glendale, but not in Burbank. My absolute favorites are the Potato Balls and meat pies. These are the staples for my New Year's hors d'oeuvres, but I always give in to some Refugiado, also known as the ever popular \"guava cheese\". This is a sinfully buttery, flaky puff pastry filled with cream cheese and a guava puree. These get snapped up quickly, and I can never resist. I recently visited the Burbank outpost to pick up some guava cheese, and decided to try their red velvet cupcake. I was impressed. Very moist cake with a frosting that was a little on the sugary side. While I was a little disappointed lack of a pronounced cream cheese taste, each cupcake is garnished with a rose petal which was a nice touch.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "C L.", "time": "5/11/2009"}, {"content": "Great customer service and amazing noms! Lines are always long... But the food has always been worth the wait.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Ann Marie L.", "time": "9/24/2011"}, {"content": "I've had Porto's in 2 capacities:1.) Cake Take-Out. Our office loves them and buys exclusively from Porto's. Fluffy, tasteful, classy cakes at affordable prices. And each one is more beautiful than the next. Yum! 2.) Dine-In. Went on a Tuesday for lunch and was at first shocked by the crazy line. Subsequently didn't believe my friend who told me the line would go fast. Not only did it go quickly, but also smoothly and with good service. We had our food to our table within 10 minutes, and I happily scarfed down my whole wheat veggie sandwich. No 5th star \u00a0because of REALLY crappy parking. But other than that -- THANK YOU Porto's for being such a strong, consistent presence in our community!", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Christyn K.", "time": "4/28/2009"}]