[{"content": "A must stop every time I'm in LA! I've tried their breakfast (huge portions, super filling) but am still in love with their guava cheese pastries. I've tried the guava pastries without cheese (since I'm slightly lactose and prefer non dairy items) but still risk an upset stomach and get a box of guava pastries everytime. Don't forget to try the potato balls too - kinda tastes like a fried spaghetti meat pie! So delicious. Wish they had hot sauce but eh, can't have everything in the world ;) Lines are long, but move relatively fast. And I'm not complaining once I get my tummy filled with some yummy pastries hehe. Tip: get the fresh made orange juice! Super refreshing.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Annie L.", "time": "7/5/2015"}, {"content": "HEAVEN IN THE PALM OF YOUR HANDParking sucks. Lines long. Service is super quick. Pastries was the regard! POTATO BALL - I literally had a foodgasm in the middle of Porto's as I scarfed my warm potato ball. One was just not enough. Maybe even a dozen wouldn't be enough. There is something special about the ball of mash potatoes rolled in a ball and filled the middle with meat. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!CHEESE ROLLS - very popular item ordered by nearly every single person. Classic favorite from Porto's! The flaky, thin, crunchy outer layer roll filled with creamy cream cheese cannot be passed up. Recommend.DOLCE DE LECHE KISSES - these are cookie items, shaped likes a Hershey kiss. The cookie part is shortbread and in the middle is filled with a thick sweetness of dolce de Leche. I didn't expect this cookie to taste THAT good. Highly recommend.Will I be back? Yes indeed.Until the next review....", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Jane A.", "time": "4/28/2015"}, {"content": "Great Cubans! Long wait times sometimes, and the staff can get a little overwhelmed. But there's \u00a0a reason they're so busy - the food is stellar!", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Kendra R.", "time": "10/4/2016"}, {"content": "O.K I know there are a million reviews already and what can I say that hasn't already been said? Porto's is very busy and loud, but even with the long and very boisterous crowds the lines move fairly quick due to the awesome management. Porto's has always been a business run properly in my mind where there are plenty of staff members doing everything that needs to be done to better expedite the customers and turnover tables ( a term used per customer ) and that I think is why they do so well financially. The products are amazing from the pastries to the side dishes like potato balls or croquettes to the cakes and desserts to the drink bar. I always get a nice fresh Guava smoothie and if I am lucky a Medianoche too, Aloha", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Chris M.", "time": "8/28/2016"}, {"content": "The landmark STAPLE of Glendale. You cant go to Glendale without going to Portos!!!ALl of their pastries are amazing.My favorites though are the meat pies and the potato balls.Also, their Pina Colada smoothie is to die for....YUM!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Lauren T.", "time": "11/9/2015"}, {"content": "We sampled a little of everything today. The fried potato balls are a must. They had great flavor, but my favorite was the 4 cheese and pepper balls. \u00a0They are gooey with the yummy cheese and a tad spicy. We sampled the mango empenada which was very good. Not overly sweet. The coconut macaroons were wonderful. One is more than enough. We also shared the Cubano sandwich which is #1 by far. I am not a fan of pickles but with the pork and their special Cuban sauce, it was simply perfect. We also tried the chicken sandwich with jalape\u00f1o sauce and avacado.it was good, but the Cubano won hands down. \u00a0We also tried the meat pies which were very good. Love the flavors and can't wait to go again. The pasties are extensive. Super busy, but the line moves fast.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Rebecca S.", "time": "12/30/2015"}, {"content": "Porto's is a staple at Filipino gatherings. For as long as I could remember, since my family & family friends have discovered Porto's, its been part of our dessert table for the holidays.I took my boyfriend to Porto's in Burbank for the first time, after flying in from a short Las Vegas trip, for breakfast and he is hooked. He ordered the bacon panini and I had the ham & cheese omelet croissant for breakfast. I also ordered cheese balls, chicken croquettes, meat pies, chicken empanadas, cheese rolls, single serve lemon poppy bunt cake, red velvet cupcake & a few other things to take home & share w/ co-workers. My bf ate 2 cheese rolls with his coffee even before we got our breakfast sandwiches.And ate a 3rd one after his sandwich, which prompted me to go back in line and buy more! YES, that good. I spent at good $50 on this day. When we got home, it wasn't even an hour before we dug into more of our goodies. My bf probably had a total of 8 cheese rolls in that 24 hour time period. We also shared the meat filled goodies. I don't think I have ever had anything I would consider \"bad\" from Porto's. This is a MUST try for anyone who is coming into the area. And for those that live in Southern California, there is NO EXCUSE if you have not had Porto's yet!!!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Lis M.", "time": "12/9/2015"}, {"content": "Amazing food quick service and very helpful staff. I would recommend coming her for breakfast or lunch has a great parking just for the bakery", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Basilio R.", "time": "8/9/2016"}, {"content": "Whoever owns this place should run for president (please).My boyfriend and I, who were initially nervous about how busy it was, were amazed at how fast the line moved and how efficient and friendly all the employees were. He got the tuna croissant, I got the Porto's veggie, and we shared a pineapple cheese croissant. All three were amazing, and the coffee was good and strong. Possibly the best veggie sandwich I've ever had. Will definitely be back! (I live 5 mins away!)", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Victoria A.", "time": "6/11/2016"}, {"content": "This place has some delicious food. They have a great breakfast and an amazing bakery. Had the chorizo and egg omelette on Cuban bread which was delicious. Bread is soft and freshly made.The little potato balls are addictive and a must have.Cafe con leche taste authentic and a bit primo.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Chris M.", "time": "12/9/2015"}, {"content": "Hands down the best bakery Ive ever been in, plus the prices are very crazy affordable!!Must order:Cheese rollsPotato balls (try the other varieties too!)Guava and cheese rollsDulce de leches kissRaspberry kissThe cheese rolls are just wonderful! Especially when its still warm! MmmIf you like something savory, potato balls are the way to go! It has a meaty filling that reminds me of giniling (a Filipino dish). Also ordered the spinach and feta croissant. It's delicious! The bread too is flaky and softThe dulce de leches kisses can be a little bit less sweet but its still yummy. The dough is chewyThe raspberry kiss reminds me of those Knotts berry farm treats but this is way better!! The creme brulee was so creamy too, and that first crack of the sugar on top is satisfying too!Just keep in mind that they do not have a lot of parking spaces", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Danielle G.", "time": "8/8/2016"}, {"content": "This place has all kinds of delicious treats. The food is great and so is the setting. The only draw back, I'd say, is the slow wait time to get your food. This place is always packed and sometimes it's hard to get a seat, but if you have the time, definitely check it out! I recommend \u00a0the Oreo cheesecake!", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Person Of Interest X.", "time": "9/13/2016"}, {"content": "Ordered catering last weekend for a family gathering, all we can say is honestly it was so amazing. Everything was very fresh thank you guys!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Chris P.", "time": "8/7/2016"}, {"content": "Hooray for Porto's!It's been awhile since I've been to Porto's (usually go to the Glendale location), but was able to swing by yesterday to pick up some yummy eats.(1) potato balls - must get, must try, you'll love it. moist potato mash, stuffed with meat inside(2) meat pies - some type of meat stuffed into a flaky pie(3) cheese roll - sweet pastry(4) guava cheese roll - sweet pastry(5) dulce de leche latte - caramel macchiato-style latte! get it iced.(6) steak torta sandwich - sandwich stuffed with steak chunks, felt healthy haha(7) pastrami sandwich - oh, so good, fluffy thinly cut meatOverall, I was satisfied with my purchases, and the food tastes great. The line can be long, but fortunately -- I only stood in line for 5-7 minutes. :) Found out that you only get plantain chips if you eat \"in\" and not for take-out orders, so I was sad about that since I got mine to-go!Parking in the back lot, designated \"porto's parking spots\". Can get crowded though!", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Yonnie C.", "time": "5/7/2015"}, {"content": "Whoa, you need to get down to Porto's Bakery pronto! Probably the best sandwich I've ever had (I've had a ton), and some seriously delish pastries to boot. Big up to Brad H and Devo for the recommendation to try Porto's for lunch on the way to Burbank Airport. Parking is easy if you can walk a few blocks, but there is also a parking lot next to the business you can use. Watch out for tons of people during peak times like weekday lunch. However, they have managed to work as an efficient machine to ensure the crowds don't overwhelm. The decor is reminiscent of tropical cuba, tan with brown and black with lots of light and plants. There is a dining area (how do they fit so many tables in such a small space), and two main lines. One line is for pastries only, the other has those plus meals. While I had about 35 people ahead of me in line, I got to the front in about 5 minutes. The waiting area for to-go orders is a bit chaotic at peak times, but they call your number and you pick up your stuff. Complimentary ice water available while you wait. There are several pastry cases displaying the vast array of delicious bites, snacks and desserts. \u00a0Everything was spotless clean.I had the chicken torta (sandwich basically) on lightly toasted bread without the cheese. It was literally the best sando I've ever had, with ripe avocado and tomato, flavor-packed black bean spread, crisp lettuce and the moistest, richest marinated and grilled chicken breast ever. I was having a mouthgasm over this thing while in line for my flight, and everyone one the plane was pissed they had to smell such a delicious meal but didn't have their own.The pastries and desserts were equally out of this world. The guava strudel is outrageously packed with tropical delight. The fruit they use is very fresh and aromatic, the puff pastry light, flaky, crisp and fully-baked. I couldn't get enough of this thing and should have gotten a dozen. My raspberry mousse bomb was also very rich and yumm-o.From lunch to dessert to pastries, Porto's has probably one of the best meals of your life waiting for you, so run, don't walk, on over ASAP.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Jim A.", "time": "10/17/2015"}, {"content": "I'm pretty confident Porto's cheese rolls were what convinced Obama to remove the embargo on Cuba. Just kidding. But seriously, if my enemy offered me a box of cheese rolls, \u00a0I would give him/her a hug. Who could possibly be mad with a cheese roll in hand?I came to this Porto's after missing the last call at the one in Glendale, which is the 10 minutes away. Thank God this one closes at 7 instead of 6. On a Sunday night, there was an insane line out the door. After waiting 20 minutes, \u00a0I quickly ordered a dozen cheese rolls (they have a special for a dozen and come on how can you leave with anything less?), two meat pies, two guava cheese danishes, and a dulce de leche latte. The entire bill wasn't even $20. As for the parking situation, there is a large lot and a small lot on the two small streets that Porto's is on. There is also street parking.I started munching on a meat pie right when I left the door. Oh my lord. Crisp and flakey exterior. Light sugar glaze. Warm ground beef mix on the inside with bits of jalape\u00f1o to tease the taste buds. My two meat pies were gone within 5 minutes. When I got home, I proceeded to attack my cheese rolls. When I opened the box, the cheese rolls were still warm despite the 30 minute drive home. I grabbed two, took my latte, and headed to my room for a parks and rec marathon. Crispy on the outside. The lightness of the pastry contrasted with the perfectly sweet cheese filling. Balance the sweetness with a warm latte on a cool fall evening and I sink into happy abyss. Two down, ten more to go.Betty out.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Betty W.", "time": "10/20/2015"}, {"content": "Papaya Cheese DanishPotato BallsGo...Go Now...You owe it to yourself!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Alex Y.", "time": "12/24/2015"}, {"content": "mmmm Porto's ... i love it!a few times a year, \u00a0my husband is in burbank on business and stays for a week at a time. \u00a0Kids and I crash his hotel room and make a mini vacation for ourselves.On our last Burbank vacation, we stopped in for take out from Porto's. \u00a0There is so much to choose from! i feel like i got one of everything! not really...but we had more than enough food and then some! this is a must! i really wish we could have a Porto's in San diego...can you please make that happen?", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Shalini G.", "time": "4/28/2016"}, {"content": "This is still the best bakery in SoCal. No matter how long the lines or how big the crowd they treat you like if you are there only customer. The food speaks for itself, very rarely do you find a place that has perfected its craft and still continues to get better and better.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Joe F.", "time": "11/22/2016"}, {"content": "Five star bakery. They hve very friendly staff and bomb bread and pastries. Tamales is must try also.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Mae M.", "time": "6/5/2016"}]