[{"content": "best cheese rolls ever ! just thinking about it makes me drool , the potato balls are a bit overwhelming when you bite into them and they have this funky chili smell but their pretty good. The red velvet cupcake I must admit wasn't as good as I was expecting. It was just like a normal cupcake anyone could've made. I didn't feel the \"magic\" in my mouth lols. Anyways, love the price and love the taste and I will definitely return when I am back in the area", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Andrea L.", "time": "2/8/2010"}, {"content": "Was recommended by AAMCO employee.While we waiting we went to Porto's.Pastries was outstanding. We had berry n cheese pastries it was good.Also coffee was decent.Too bad they do not have wifi; it could help us to get airline tickets while we stuck in Burbank.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Bart L.", "time": "1/24/2014"}, {"content": "While it's the first Cuban bakery I've ever been to, I'm confident that it's also the best Cuban bakery I ever will go to. Their pastries, both savory and sweet, are amazing! My friend and I split the roast pork sandwich, which comes with fried plantain chips on the side, and helped ourselves to their potato balls, chicken croquettes, cheese rolls, and guava and cheese pastries. The sandwich is literally roasted pork between two slices of bread. The bread seemed a bit dry where there wasn't enough sauce, but overall it was appetizing. The pork is tender with hints of garlic which goes well with the bread. The plantain chips on the side were new to me but I enjoyed munching on them. They're salty with a hint of a banana-like aftertaste.The potato balls are essentially a ball of mashed potato, between the size of a tennis and golf ball, filled with ground beef which is then fried. The first bite left me speechless and the second and third bites left me reaching for another. They're THAT good.The croquettes were also tasty, being comprised of some combination of chicken, potato, and spices which are also fried. However I would definitely pick the potato balls over these.The employee at the counter let us sample the cheese rolls which are really good. Normally I find these types of pastries too rich but this was not the case. Each bite is filled with flaky, creamy deliciousness. Finally the guava and cheese rolls. Like stated above, I'm not a huge fan of cheese x fruit pastries, usually favoring just the latter, but these had a good combination of that fruity and creamy flavor that many enjoy. You can really taste the guava, assuming you've had one before, in the pastries. I bought a couple more later on for my parents to have, much to their enjoyment.The only downside for this store is that it's so far away! However I'd willingly make the drive for seconds, thirds...fourths.tl:drPotato Balls are amazing, get them.Cheese rolls and guava/cheese pastries are also amazing. Sample them before you decide to purchase.Sandwiches are ok, but tasty.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Jonathan L.", "time": "6/26/2011"}, {"content": "You can close your eyes and order anything on their menu and I can guarantee you it will taste good. Their cakes are the best.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Bharath Srinivas N.", "time": "11/21/2014"}, {"content": "This Place Deserves 10 Stars! Jesus,its that Good! I originally heard of this place but at its other location in Glendale,CA which I never went to but I knew of this place because of some women who went to my church that worked there...but finally when my family moved to North Hollywood I was introduced to the Burbank Porto's and let me tell you, it was a match made in Potato Ball Heaven!!!! The first time I tried a Potato ball I was like who created this wonderful Heavenly treat??? Just call me the Latin version of Paula Deen because if you guys watch her show you'll know that she loves her Potatoes!!! And as do I and this Yummy contraption just made me have a Big O in my mouth (wink,wink) and then I tried the Cuban tamale and it seemed like I just heard the angels singing because the tamale was amazing ! The spices are overwhelming and it gives the tamale an impeccable taste that makes your mouth water!!! I absolutely Loooved it!! Also give the empanadas a try and the amazing Medianoche Sandwhich with a Mocha Blended Ice Coffee, Yummm!! and \u00a0believe you me , you will thank me for it!! and also try the cakes this is the only place I buy my cakes and I've never been disappointed...Porto's is an amazing cuban bakery and 5 Stars isn't enough to express how good this place is!!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Genesis C.", "time": "8/15/2011"}, {"content": "Anytime I'm in the Burbank airport area, I stop here. \u00a0I get a sandwich and OJ and then I buy a ton of pastries to bring home....especially the stuffed potato balls. \u00a0Everything here is so reasonably priced!!!Parking sucks.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Stephanie H.", "time": "11/6/2011"}, {"content": "Absolutely the best baked goods in Los Angeles!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Steven Q.", "time": "1/22/2014"}, {"content": "Mmmmmmm......Portos, how I've missed thee! Too bad there's not one in the Temecula area! When I can, I always try to order the Tres Leches cake....whether from a friend/family visiting my way ir when Im up in the area! \u00a0The lines are super long and do expect to wait for a bit....just have a little patience! Potato balls and cheese rolls are one of my fave as well!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Bernie C.", "time": "5/31/2011"}, {"content": "When you finally get tired of the airplane food at Starbucks come here- on top of having the best club croissant sandwich ever (bacon & turkey) the Double Cortaditos put every coffee I have ever tried to shame with one sip. \u00a0Good thing I don't live any closer :)", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Kimberly K.", "time": "9/24/2013"}, {"content": "Love the cheese rolls!!! Need one in San Diego!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Elaine G.", "time": "5/23/2012"}, {"content": "Yummy, need to visit at least once or like the ad for Pringles goes - you can't just have one!Great pastries for that cheat day or for when you go to family gatherings. \u00a0By the way they have amazing looking fruit custard cakes that are customizable and you can add your own text too. \u00a0Prices are reasonable and the only thing that is a con is \u00a0the long line especially on sundays.Otherwise, great place for breakfast. \u00a0They also have great sandwiches and coffees.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Vaia` S.", "time": "4/8/2012"}, {"content": "Happy surprised! I've always seen the line at Porto's out of the door and all outside seating taken so naturally I wondered if it was worth the long wait in line and a battle for seating- it is. I went last Sunday with my girlfriend and bought a breakfast sandwich, \u00a0two croissants, a potato ball and a chicken croquet. \u00a0I paid about $8 for all of the items and was happy with the size and quality of each. Everything tasted very good. The potato ball and ham and cheese omelet on a croissant were especially great. At 9am on a Sunday I was happy to see the line wasn't outrageous like I've seen in the past. Service was speedy but the sheer number of customers in the store makes the process longer. I recommend stopping here if you ever notice the line not sticking out of the front door. Even if it is, and you've time to spare, it will likely be worth the wait.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Sam A.", "time": "5/27/2013"}, {"content": "Excellent selection of a cross between mainstream and cuban pastries in a venetian like building setting. Crowded but line moves fast and excellent breakfast and very good sandwhiches for lunch.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Richard W.", "time": "9/23/2013"}, {"content": "One of my favorites to eat at...I love the desert and food choices at this restaurant, and especially the plantains. \u00a0I recommend this place to everyone.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Jayme S.", "time": "1/8/2015"}, {"content": "How can you go wrong with this amazing place for their breakfast sandwiches, or the amazing Italian sandwiches or the very reasonably priced cakes?I would stop by everyday if I wasn't worried about the increase in my waste size.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Zareh S.", "time": "10/19/2013"}, {"content": "Love their Meat Pies, Potato Balls, and Cheese Croissant.Tons of people.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Kate T.", "time": "7/6/2012"}, {"content": "This is my second time to Portos and my first trip to this location. I previously went to the Downey location. I LOVE LOVE LOVE Portos bakery. Every time I come here I feel like such a fatty because I order more than enough food for myself and I want everything! This location is a lot bigger than the Downey location. Every time you go to Porto's expect lines and expect to wait, but they are pretty fast and efficient. It's very easy to get carried away with your ordering when you're here because everything looks and sounds so so good here!This time around I got:-Potato Balls: In my opinion the best thing here! Make sure you ask for the chips to eat with your potato balls. Makes it taste so much better. Last time I didn't know about it and didn't get it, but it complements it very well!-Chicken empanadas: The empanadas here are nice and flaky. So good.-Chicken croquette: Similar to potato ball. Very good flavor but I prefer the potato balls-Milk & Berries: my favorite dessert here...its like tres leches layered with strawberries/blueberries. Make sure you eat this right away..doesn't taste as good if its not fresh-Oreo Cheesecake: Pretty good, but the oreos weren't mixed well into the cheesecake in my opinion...Still pretty good flavor-Pan con Bistec: The girl working there recommended me this sandwich and said it was her favorite...the steak was tender and had good flavor, but the sandwich overall needed more sauce...So if you get this ask for more sauce/dressing on it or else it tastes kind of dry.-Strawberry smoothie: Just a basic smoothie nothing special, but their iced mocha's here look really good.I will have to try that next time!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Phuong K.", "time": "6/11/2011"}, {"content": "I got SUPERRR luckySunday afternoon, 12:30pm- Turned into the parking lot and immediately found a parking space. Walked into Porto's and found a 5 minute line. HALLELUJAHHHHHI got their house salad, which was pretty good. Loved the plantain chips that comes with every meal you order. I looked into the kitchen and saw trays and trays of them piled mountain high lol I wanted to buy a tray.My favorites are the cheese rolls and the pineapple cream cheese danish! Potato balls are only ooooookkayy in my book (don't kill me potato ball lovers!) and everything was very cheap :D I must have bought at least 20 items and the total was about $16 bucks? Not bad!", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Angela V.", "time": "9/15/2011"}, {"content": "As the 798th reviewer of Porto's there's really not a lot to add. \u00a0It's amazing. \u00a0Love it. \u00a0Glad I don't live nearby or I would be buying larger jeans.My friend had me meet her here for brunch before I caught a flight home out of Burbank. \u00a0I had a fried potato ball filled with meat; a steak sandwich that was like the best taco you've ever had, but with bread instead of a taco; and chicken noodle soup. \u00a0They were all awesome. \u00a0Then \u00a0my friend showed up and ordered one of every dessert (almost -- lol) and I tried those, and they were all amazing as well. \u00a0Yay Porto's :) Considering how lacking the food options at Burbank airport are, this is definitely the preflight place to grab some food. \u00a0If you're in a rush, just make it to go -- you'll definitely make the security guards envious.Oh, and I should have mentioned -- this place is ridiculously cheap.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Tasha D.", "time": "1/25/2010"}, {"content": "If it's your first time at Porto's, your must-try's are their cheese rolls and potato balls. You'll definitely walk out with a box to take home. :] This is one of the smaller branches. If you want to sit down and enjoy some lunch, make the drive to the Glendale branch.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Mare R.", "time": "10/27/2011"}]