[{"content": "Yesterday, my BF said he had to go to Burbank. \u00a0 He didn't visit Porto's! \u00a0He didn't bring home potato balls. \u00a0It was not his best moment. If you're in the neighborhood, don't miss Porto's. \u00a0Stop by for a box of sweet and savory goodies. \u00a0My faves: Potato balls, and rellenitos. \u00a0 AND the CHEESE ROLLS. \u00a0No more wheat, doctor's orders, but these are a last temptation. \u00a0I miss the cheese rolls. \u00a0A moment of silence for the cheese rolls........They have lots of great cuban food on the menu at amazingly low prices. \u00a0I wonder how they can serve so much good food at such great prices. \u00a0It must be the volume. \u00a0This place is always abuzz, and by abuzz, I mean there is always a line - sometimes a line out the door and around the corner. \u00a0It's worth the wait though, and the wait is surprisingly short. As chaotic as the three and a half lines look, and frankly, ARE, the restaurant runs efficiently. \u00a0There's a line for dine in, and two for carry out: \u00a0one for the bakery items, and another for espresso / coffee bar. \u00a0There also seems to be a non-designated line at the end of the carry out food counter for picking up advanced orders.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Nikki B.", "time": "12/8/2016"}, {"content": "Honestly, why is there always such a line here? It's been here for years and it still can't handle the amount of people that come in. The food is good but honestly I think this place is one of those places you don't think about eating at, and am usually put off by the potential 1 hour wait. I'd give 4 stars because I enjoy the food, but seriously this place is a bother. The parking lot, oh! I hardly go in due to the crowd. The bakery cakes and pies however are delicious so that wins for me. (Again, I've waited for an hour in line to pick up a PRE ORDERED cake before. It was awful.)The employees are very nice though, I had one help me carry a cake once to my car, however I always have a habit of getting ignored when it comes to getting an order in line. I have waited in front of the register for a solid 15 minutes before leaving because the people working didn't even see/notice me. This place is 50/50 for me most of the time.Good food but not worth the wait and hassle most of the time. Good food, if you want to wait for awhile lol", "rating": "3.0 star rating", "name": "Rebecca R.", "time": "12/7/2016"}, {"content": "9:20 am, line is short. My visit is for a tres leches cake though, so the line was even shorter.Angelica was very nice! :DShe had a big smile on her face& ready to help me out with my order. Now in the line, for ordering cakes, it specifically says just for cakes, but I went& got guava cheese pastries. I did asked her first, with myself knowing that the answer was most likely going to be \"no\", but with a big smile she said \"yes!\"; now that's awesome service! Thank you Angelica.Now off to celebrate my mom's birthday& eat cake :P", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Yeya M.", "time": "12/7/2016"}, {"content": "I've gone here a few times usually before we go to events at the Disney studios.This place is always busy so be prepared to stand in line and search for tables. They do keep it moving rather quickly which is good but there are usually lots of people. Their menu is huge with lots of sandwich and bakery options so I like to look online before I go so I have some kind of idea of what I want.Before I go I always tell myself I don't need dessert but once I get there that thought goes out the window. They have so many tasty treats I usually end up with two and this time was no different.I started with a tuna melt. This hit the spot. It had a lot of cheese and the tuna was nice and warm. I would get this sandwich again. Then for dessert I couldn't choose between the mini crumble pie and the a dolce de leche cake so I got both. I am very glad I did! Both were amazing and hit the spot. I feel like a piggy but I ate both in one sitting, they were just too good!", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Andrea K.", "time": "12/6/2016"}, {"content": "Smaller parking lot and a tad bit smaller location than the other two locations. The setup is similar to the Downey location. Not as crowded as the other two Porto's locations, but still pretty crowded. You can get everything you want here. I always get a box (dozen) of cheese rolls, banana chips, dulce de leche kisses and potato balls when going to Porto's. My ultimate favs", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Jennifer H.", "time": "11/19/2016"}, {"content": "We loved the Porto so much in Glendale that we said lets go to the one in Burbank on the way back to NoCal.GPS'd it leaving from Rancho Mirage. \u00a0Got here in about 2 hours. \u00a0What a difference from the Glendale location. \u00a0This location didn't intimidate my hubby.We found street parking. \u00a0Sure there's a long queue but it moved quickly. \u00a0At this location, you can peruse the bakery items easily, and decide what you'd like to buy prior to coming up to the counter.This time we got -* potato balls at room temp since we were going to eat them back in San Francisco.* four bakery items - apple turnover, apple strudel, chocolate croissant, and a sweet roll. \u00a0All to go.* a dozen dulce de leche kisses.* two sandwiches to eat in.The sandwiches were good, but not great. \u00a0Not enough meat.1) Pan con Lechon, and 2) Ropa Vieja.The baked goods - left a funny taste on my palate. \u00a0They looked better than they tasted.Stick with the potato balls and the guava studel and the guava and cheese studel.Oh yeah, the dulce de leche kisses were a big winner. \u00a0Great with a cup of coffee.We enjoyed this location more so than the Glendale one. \u00a0Plenty of seating. \u00a0High ceilings and more lighting.", "rating": "3.0 star rating", "name": "Shirley N.", "time": "12/4/2016"}, {"content": "I always love their cheese rolls, porto's have a lot of good sweets. Always enjoy the cheese roll and the cheese guava with cubano coffee. Even the long line but worth the wait and the price reasonable.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Linna S.", "time": "12/8/2016"}, {"content": "This place is amazingly good. Definitely worth the stop.Latte was perfect temp, chicken empanada was super tasty - ate them too quickly to snap a photo.We tried a Raspberry Kiss and Dulce de Leche Kiss as well - also amazing, and only 60\u00a2 each. Guess we need to go walk around the block a few times now - LOL. Will be back!!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Janet W.", "time": "12/5/2016"}, {"content": "Porto's is a machine! I don't know of another California bakery that has as strong of a fan base. I have a few Bay Area coworkers from the LA area that insist the only thing they miss about LA is Porto's. Strong words.Needless to say, I was super excited to finally visit while I was in town for a wedding. We lucked out and came at a time when there wasn't a line out the door. The line inside moved fast since they had multiple people talking orders simultaneously. I was impressed at how high volume and efficient everything was. There was also a good amount of indoor dining space.Our Lyft driver raved about the Cheese & Spicy Pepper Potato Balls. I have to agree, that was hands down my favorite. How could you not love oozing cheese inside deep fried goodness?Their famous Potato Balls were also good, but almost boring compared to the cheese & pepper version.The Chorizo Pie was my least favorite. Too much breading, dry, and lacking in flavor.As for the sweet pastries, I enjoyed the legendary Cheese Roll and the Refugiado pastry (guava & cheese). I only wish they were flakier!I also tried the Milk 'n Berries trifle which our server said was her favorite. This was actually my least favorite sweet. I didn't taste much of the tres leche, and it was mostly cream.We had a couple cafe items which were okay, but nothing special. Clearly the baked goods are the star. Both the Grilled Chicken Sandwich and Corn Poblano Soup came out barely lukewarm. Flavors were forgettable. The bread that came with the soup was excellent though.Overall Porto's was a fun experience, though it didn't quite live up to the hype. I get it though. For $1 or less for the baked goods, you get good quality for a killer price. A no brainer.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Adrienne L.", "time": "10/16/2016"}, {"content": "My husband and I went to the Downey location, a couple of years ago. It was like we were at our friend's mom's house, who is Cuban..... So, when I found out a location was in Burbank, I had to check it out. First of all, the bakery is twice as big as the Downey location and the pastries are to DIE for!!! You simply MUST go check it out. EVERYTHING is worth the extra calories. After eating my pastelito con queso and bread pudding, I just had to order the Lech\u00f3n, Congri, and Maduros.... Unfortunately, it didn't live up to the reputation of the Downey location. The Lech\u00f3n was hot on the outside and cold in the middle - like refrigerator cold. And, although we are becoming a world of healthy eaters, it was disappointing to have Lech\u00f3n and Congri with little to no salt. Honestly, the meal was more Americanized and lacked \"Sabor\" (flavor). I was so disappointed. I just wrapped the food up and left. I'm not a fan of returning food - as it could upset the cook. So, I left and warmed and seasoned everything when I got home.I would still go back and try other items off the menu. It could have just been a busy day.I am still in love with my first Cuban restaurant - \u00a0\"Los Pollos\" (San Ysidro). You will not find more authentic Cuban dishes unless you go to Miami or Cuba.", "rating": "3.0 star rating", "name": "Nancy S.", "time": "10/19/2016"}, {"content": "My father's side of the family is Cuban-from-Cuba, so I have high standards for Cuban food - Porto's really nailed it! After leaving LA a few years ago, we were back in Burbank for a work trip and of course multiple friends recommended Porto's right away. We'd never been before so this was quite the treat. Very nostalgic flavors in a fast food format. We were there at dinner time and tried the platos Cubanos - rice, black beans, ripened and golden fried plantain slices (maduros), and choice of chicken, steak, shredded beef (ropa vieja), or shredded pork (lechon). Served daily after 2pm. We tried the ropa vieja and the lechon - both were so amazing with great, authentic flavors. Simple but delicious rice and beans. Maduros were lovely and cooked exactly how they should be. Portions were satisfying but not super big. Line is long but moves fast. If you eat there you get a electronic sensor and they bring the food to your table. Tons of seating, very clean restaurant. Easy to find parking either in the lots behind it or on the street.Next time we'll have to try all the drool-worthy baked goods and coffees. We were stuffed so missed it this time. Tons of people at our work event walked around with Porto's coffee cups and bags of treats - very popular place. We're now a fan of Porto's! Can't wait to come back.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Kelsey C.", "time": "11/29/2016"}, {"content": "Who doesn't love Porto's?! I can never resist getting something for myself when I take friends from out of town here. As busy as this place is, there's never been a bad experience. The line moves super fast and there's so many selections to choose from. The hardest part is figuring out what you wanna try! And might I add that the price is so affordable! Parking can be a bit hectic sometimes but don't be afraid to park on the street and walk! You'll need to get in as much exercise as possible bcuz you'll want to order everything there. They have a main lot adjacent to the building but there is also a smaller lot behind the main one that some people don't know about. And I always find parking there.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Kellie N.", "time": "11/22/2016"}, {"content": "Stopped by on a weekday late afternoon.. this place was busy (as usual) but the line moves at a decent pace. There's plenty of people behind the counter to help. The baked goods display is huge... there's cakes, pastries, empanadas, etc, also a coffee bar and deli.. To be honest, you feel a bit rushed, but take your time! Of course I ordered the cheese rolls. Fresh and flaky with sweet cream cheese, just enough. Guava cheese pastry, the taste is similar to a cheese roll, but with a small hint of guava. Chocolate chip muffin, dense, moist, tons of chocolate chips. Chicken empanadas, a nice warm snack. Same with the potato balls. Fried ball of potato with seasoned ground beef inside. Yummy! Definitely worth checking out if in the area... Parking lot is to the side.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Anne C.", "time": "9/17/2016"}, {"content": "Bakery review. Potato ball - 4/5Meat pie - 5/5Ham croquettes - 2/5Cheese pepper potato ball - 3/5Chicken croquette - 2/5Chorizo pie - 3/5Cheese roll - 4/5Guava cheese strudel - 4/5Overall, \"as good as it gets.\"", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Mark O.", "time": "10/10/2016"}, {"content": "Oh Porto's, if you were in NorCal, I'd have to work harder to not gain any weight!!! This is my go to bakery when in So Cal but this was my first time at the Burbank location. The Porto's parking lot was full at 8:30 this morning with people already circling \u00a0around. Our friend dropped us off and she seemed to find parking relatively quickly as she joined us shortly in the bakery line (line to the right). The line was really good considering we had time to ponder what we'd get but short enough that we were only in line for 5-7 minutes. When I reached the counter, I knew exactly what I wanted: cheese roll, guava cheese streudel, potato ball and a box of plaintain chips. I also added a small chai latte to help wake me up before we headed to Universal Studios for Harry Potter World!The cheese roll is one of their signature items. Flaky and sweet on the outside, with just the right amount of cheese on the inside. When it's still warm, it is absolutely amazing. The guava cheese streudel is another go to item for me. 85 bakery has something similar but I like that Porto's version isn't too sweet and the guava cheese ratio is perfect. If you love guava, you should give this item a try. My friend raves about the potato balls; a mashed potato with meat center that has been deep fried into a small ball. For those of you familiar with Gregoire in Berkeley and Oakland, this is similar except a bit larger and without a dipping sauce. I enjoy the potato and the nice crunchy exterior, but the meat wasn't as flavorful as I would've wanted. Lastly, the Marquita box filled with fried green plantains. These are the reason I go to Porto's. My absolute favorite. If you like banana chips, you may like them as well. They aren't sweet like banana chips but they are sliced very thin and are super crunchy. I'm actually going back tomorrow to get another box before I heard back to the Bay Area!The chai latte was a bit too much on the milky side. My friend also bought one forgetting to ask for soy milk instead and ended up having to dispose of it because she thought it had whole milk and would upset her stomach. I added cinnamon (as I always do to my chai lattes) and drank through mine rather quickly. You pick up your drink from the center counter as they call your number on your receipt. The service here is excellent. The employees taking your order have amazing memories as they package and then recount to the cashier exactly what you bought. The line can get long but it moves quickly. Porto's, come to NorCal already!!!!", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Olivia C.", "time": "10/8/2016"}, {"content": "Been here about 100 times throughout the years. And I've only done 3 check-ins? That means there's no time for yelping, because we need to get straight down to business. Eat. There hasn't been a single menu item that I did not like. Tried the Mamey shake today since that's my favorite Mexican fruit popsicle. It's too rich and thick, I didn't expect that. I guess it's because it's a shake and not a smoothie. But it's still good.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Anna K. S.", "time": "10/2/2016"}, {"content": "My only gripe with Porto's is that it's so far from me. :( I guess that's good for my waistline though. Porto's has always been busy every time I go, but lines move pretty quickly, and the food is always worth the wait. I always get some pastries to go, so that I can enjoy Porto's for a few more days after my visit. I've gotten some of their desserts as well, but you gotta get their Guava pastries. I've had their Cubano sandwich and their Chicken Torta, and their Cubano sandwich was much better. I definitely recommend their Cubano sandwich with some soup. Their soup of the day was Chicken Noodle when I went, and it wasn't like your typical Campbell's Chicken Noodle soup. It was more subtle in flavor and healthier tasting. Probably because of the less sodium content, but it went well with my Cubano sandwich. I really like their tamale as well. I will definitely add that to my orders from now on whenever I go back. Their empanadas and croquettes are good too, and I always get some to go because they heat up well the day after. As for drinks, their iced Horchata Latte was really good, and I had to order a second one because my friend stole mine. (-_-) Parking: they have a lot in the back, but it can be all filled up because there's always like a bajillion people at Porto's, but I've had luck the last 2 times I've gone. Now all I need is another reason to go to Burbank, so I can return to Porto's.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Kira L.", "time": "11/13/2016"}, {"content": "I don't have much more to add than:- The right line is faster- The staff here is amazing- Everything savory is delicious- Don't forget they have plates and coffee in the traditional Cuban style- Go after 7pm for faster service and avoid the lunch time rush- It all lasts for at least 5 days after you buy it and it's all delicious still- Their bread selection is a awesome and it's all great pricesIf you're looking for great cuban fair and Versailles isn't really your cup of coffee then come here (or the Downy location) for a bite and enjoy the atmosphere (it kinda reminds me of Versailles in Miami).Enjoy!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Kevin P.", "time": "9/13/2016"}, {"content": "Portos is a must if you're in the area or visiting from another city. I come here for the bakery section and always order at least 2 dozen of cheese rolls and some potato balls to bring back home. Now don't be discouraged if you see the line out the door. The line will go fairly quickly and they are very organized and will try to get you in & out as fast as possible if you're just ordering from the bakery section and not dining in. The warm gooey and crispy taste of the cheese rolls just melts in your mouth and you can never just have one. I also loveee the mash potato balls. Its fried (which makes it even better) and it's filled with beef inside. There are also lots of others pastries & bakery items to choose from like guava cheese rolls, empanadas, danishes, cake, etc.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Vanessa L.", "time": "9/6/2016"}, {"content": "Let's be honest, it's the best Cuban bakery in LA... But THE WAIT... to \u00a0treat yourself to this is a whole other issue.Recommendations: - ORDER AHEAD OF TIME, this enables you to go around the line, which is usually out the door.- BE PATIENT, if you're stuck in line, pray they're bringing samples around& lastly...- ORDER MORE, I mean not that I'm obese or anything but those pastries are usually all gone before I leave... Reason you gotta order a second order of them, trust4 Stars, being you guys really need to work on a better POA for the lines", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Molly S.", "time": "9/8/2016"}]