[{"content": "I think it's ridiculous that anyone gave this place anything but 5 stars. Best bakery in town w excellent sandwiches. \u00a0Try the potato balls, cheese rolls, meat pies, and tiramisu. \u00a0Ive had almost everything here (which says a lot because the options seem endless) never had something I didn't like.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Daniel W.", "time": "1/27/2014"}, {"content": "Love, love, love Porto's! My first experience was years ago when I lived in OC and was in Glendale for a conference. I wandered into Porto's on N Brand on my lunch break and it was love at first taste of the potato balls. \u00a0Years later I moved to Burbank, and lo and behold, a Porto's close to my house! I'm vegetarian now so to my great despair, no more meat filled potato balls (wish they would make some with cheese in the center, or just plain potato), but there's still plenty for me to love. The space and atmosphere at the Burbank location reminds me of places in Europe. I have breakfast options, love the freshly squeezed orange juice, and I always take home bread and pastries. The opera cake is my favorite treat and I often get danish, cheese rolls, and turnovers to go, and have never been disappointed. Sometimes I get plantains and garlic sauce to go as well. The prices can't be beat either. In summation: what's not to like here?", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Joyce D.", "time": "11/19/2015"}, {"content": "Wonderful sales ladies delivered this to our office yesterday and I died.Croissant turkey sandwich was delicious- so mouthwatering!Plaintain chips- tasted really fresh and crunchyCookies- ahhhh I ate too many!I can't wait to eat here on my terms and order everything on the menu!", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Katie L.", "time": "8/18/2011"}, {"content": "Just in case you've been living under a rock, Porto's is a Cuban bakery/caf\u00e9 sent from up above. \u00a0Yes, their cakes are gorgeous blah blah blah, \u00a0but the real reason I make the pilgrimage to the Burbank location is for their cheese rolls and potato balls. \u00a0The cheese rolls ($0.70) are similar to danishes. I didn't think it was humanly possible to make cheese, dough and sugar taste so good, but I'm convinced that Porto's has some sort of unearthly powers. The smooth cream cheese filling is wrapped in a bundle of flaky, buttery, sweet pastry that literally melts in your mouth. \u00a0The potato balls ($0.90) are also fantastical: Perfectly seasoned and spiced ground beef (among other ingredients) covered in mashed potatoes, then breaded and fried. \u00a0The textures are great and it's not at all greasy. \u00a0Beef, potatoes, balls, fry oil... what's not to like?For a more substantial meal, the Cuban pressed sandwiches and breakfast croissant sandwiches are also good choices. The prices are super reasonable that I can justify ordering pastries by the box. They've finally opened a third location (Downey) and of course it's still nowhere near me... but I'll continue to battle the 101 in the name of cheese rolls.FYI: Parking is a hot mess on the weekends", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Lorraine P.", "time": "11/15/2010"}, {"content": "What more can be said about Portos? It is as good as they say and as busy too. To start off, parking can be somewhat difficult. The have a small lot in the back and street parking. Though the parking lot is tiny, I always attempt to park there since the crowd is in and out of the place quite quickly. Don't be alarmed if you walk in and you see two lines that seem impossibly long. It moves quickly, but of course you'll occasionally stand behind the one person ordering all the potato balls and cheese rolls in the whole dang place. But it doesn't stop there...when you're ordering, you usually have to yell over the noise pollution and squeeze in to be seen if you need to point at some delicious desert that cannot be named. Nonetheless, fight on.Now the food...if it is your first time, you must try the cheese rolls, potato balls, and pan con bistek sandwich. Cheese rolls are nice and flakey. Potato balls taste like your grams whipped this up in her own kitchen. And the pan con bistek, tender mean w/ crunchy potato bits all placed neatly in between to heavenly pieces of bread. Something that I think are easily looked over are the chocolate chop cookies. They are amazing! I'd pass on the drinks, I don't find them exceptionally tastey or a must have.And lastly, the prices...it will definitely not break the bank. It is reasonable for the quality you get so I can't help but pop in here every now and then (or more) after work for some delish food.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Eileen C.", "time": "6/7/2013"}, {"content": "Even though there are plenty of reviews already, and I'm sure everything has been said about this place, as a YELP Elite, I still have to leave my mark.I personally never heard or cared about Porto's. But apparently it was one of the \"must\" things to check out while in SoCal. So of course we did right before the long drive home to bring pastries to people at home.This place is huge--for a bakery. They definitely know their business is a money maker. Plenty of seating and space for everyone. Though the seating still gets occupied fast.Although it is constantly busy, they have a system that works to speed through the line.. I believe it's hiring a helluva lot of staff. All I get were some guava strudels, cheese rolls, peanut butter cookies, and potato balls. What can I say, the hype did the place bad for me as I was expecting angels playing on their harps and a choir going \"aaaahhhh\" as soon as I took my first bite. All I could do is agree it was good, but I mean not addictingly good. \u00a0The strudel was mostly pastry and could have used more filling. My favorite was the cheese roll. BUY MANY of the cheese rolls if you wanted a tip. Their cheese roll definitely EXCEEDS STANDARDS of any others I've tried--and I've tried several I'm a big boy. If I was a cruel reviewer I would reduce a star, but to be honest, there was nothing wrong with the food. My expectations were very high due to the hype. Even though I was expecting more, it was important to take a step back and realize that the products were of indeed high quality. There are plenty of other items to try and I'm sure we'll be back.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Eugene N.", "time": "8/14/2011"}, {"content": "completly obsess with portos, love the chocolate bread and the milk and berries cake is my favorite for small get togethers. only bad thing long long line all the time make sure you go with time. all staff really nice and they have a lot so fast flow.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Diana Z.", "time": "11/18/2015"}, {"content": "All I have to say is, this place is totally worth the wait in line! \u00a0LOVE Porto's.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Katie F.", "time": "9/24/2014"}, {"content": "If you want to be instantly popular at any social gathering, arrive with a box of Porto's. Better yet, bring two.....empanadas, potato balls, pastries or Cuban sandwiches, you will be an instant hero. How many times in your life can you afford the very best of anything (and they are surprisingly reasonable).", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Kim R.", "time": "2/11/2014"}, {"content": "Great food, great service and all around good quality cafe/bakery! I don't recommend for anyone to go around lunch time due to how packed the place is. But other than that you get a better run for your money at Portos than any other fast food place!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "John O.", "time": "7/24/2014"}, {"content": "Holy Triple Chocolate Mousse ... \u00a0YOU MUST try it. Fruit tart is good.. but just as you would expect.Cupcake is forgettable, cake isn't rich enough, mousse seems cheap.Famous cheese roll - Savory cheese pastry topped with large sugar crystals. This is their most famous pastry, it was pretty standard but fresh. I prefer the guava or other flavored pastries in general. Potato balls - this is also one of their famous items. It's nice and crispy on the outside like a falafel, filled with mashed potatoes and ground meat, seasoned Mediterranean style. Good, fresh, but not my cup of tea. Milk and Berry (parfait?) seemed dry and I really couldn't take more than a bite.But who cares because the TRIPLE CHOCOLATE MOUSSE WAS AMAZING.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Jess C.", "time": "6/16/2011"}, {"content": "they need to open more locations, especially outside of LA and California!their potato balls, ham croquette and chicken croquette were delicious and hot pipping fresh! and guava strudels were out of this world! the line was long but staff was super efficient and we only had to wait for about 10 minutes. the place was kinda a mess but with the food that good and that cheap I understand why!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Annie N.", "time": "1/10/2014"}, {"content": "I prefer this location to the Glendale one, though they're both solid. This one has slightly better parking and less contested seating. Either one works just fine though. Porto's is, in two words: the shit. Every single fucking thing is delicious here. From the pastries to the baked goods to the sandwiches, it's all damn good. And as topping on the cake (haaaaa, see what I did there?), it's all damn cheap. Seriously, this place is at 100% capacity, 100% of the time. They could easily jack up prices and not suffer one bit. But no, they stick to their guns. They close at an early hour because they're not desperate for the money, and they stick with a price everybody can appreciate. I have a TON of respect for people who can hold to that after so many years of successful, nonstop business.The best way to experience Porto's is to show up with three or four friends, and order pretty much everything you think you might want to try even the slightest bit. It's so cheap that you'll end up still only spending $10 or so per person ($15 if you're ordering sandwiches, which you should), and you'll be damn full. Must haves are the potato balls and chicken croquettes; but like I said: everything is good. Everything.I really don't do lines and waits. Ever. I'm the kind of guy who would rather drive for 30 minutes to take a chance at a different restaurant than wait for 30 minutes to be seated. I'm incredibly impatient like that. But Porto's is one of very few places I'll gladly wait in line for. It's that good.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Andy O.", "time": "4/17/2011"}, {"content": "Why is it that all the best places are so far from me :/I would eat here on my lunch break every day if I could. I have not even tried everything \u00a0yet \u00a0but I cant wait to try more!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Narik A.", "time": "8/21/2013"}, {"content": "Every time i visit California I am on a hunt for good places to eat. Especially the yummy pastries and desserts just because Arizona has absolutely nothing like it. Most of the Arizona bakery shops here suck. Well i pulled out my yelp app on my phone and started looking for places and I came across this place. I read so many good reviews about it and the pictures posted by other Yelpers just caught my eye. Also, everyone's been talking about these potato balls so i had to give it a try. When we got there it was packed, but I didn't mind the wait I was just too happy to look at all the pretty cakes and desserts! I got 2 potato balls, guava cheese strudel, macaroons, fruit tart, & the mango mousse to go. My friend and I went back inside our car and ate the potato balls before heading home since it was still warm. And let me say..the potato balls were soooo good! I didn't think that I would like it that much after hearing that there was meat inside. But I was wrong. With that thought, I asked my friend to go back in there and buy 6 more so I could have my family try it and they liked it! =) Everything was delicious!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Jina L.", "time": "2/25/2011"}, {"content": "So... for the first time in my adult life, I had a visitor at my own place. Granted I share my \"own\" place with my boyfriend and two roommates, but still. Most of my family came up last night to inspect the digs, and when they left, I had my little sister with me for the whole night and for most of today. Since I wanted her time with me to be awesome, I wanted to take her places. Usually my go to outing with my younger siblings is frozen yogurt, but it was much too cold for that (even though Dan, Iowa Man, assures me that my internal temperature gauge is broken, having lived in BEAUTIFUL California my whole life), so we decided to go out for some hot chocolate and pastries. I was fine with just heading over to coffee bean, but Dan wanted to go somewhere a bit more upscale...\"To Porto's Bakery!\" He exclaimed, and then flew both me and my sister to Porto's in his DeLorean. Actually, that didn't happen. He more or less mentioned something about Porto's, and then we drove there. My sister's only eleven, though, so I bet if I told her we actually flew there for a few years, it might distort her memory of it. Consider the experiment begun.Anyhow, I'm glad we went here. It was packed (but the line moved pretty quickly!), and full of good smells, and it's the first time this fall that I've felt like the holidays are finally here. My sister and I got some hot chocolate, and I bought a cheese danish, a chocolate cupcake, and a slice of chocolate cake for the three of us. Taelynn actually ate her whole danish, which is saying something. She weighs about 2 pounds and can never finish anything. Dan rated his cupcake at about an 8 (out of 10), saying that he'd had better, but not much better. Also? All three of those pastries only ran me 5 dollars. That's cheap, right? Yeah, that's cheap.The hot chocolate was pretty delicious, but then I just really like hot chocolate. This time of year is so great for it. With my first hot chocolate run of the season I really feel, with my little sister and my boyfriend beside me, like I've ushered in the holidays right!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Terin C.", "time": "11/17/2012"}, {"content": "I drove all the way to get here ( maybe 10miles) just to get ham&cheese &cuz I was craving portos ham&cheese & the guy said \" We don't have it now\". Are you serious?!!! Never come \u00a0back again. Thank you!", "rating": "1.0 star rating", "name": "Klaris A.", "time": "9/18/2014"}, {"content": "Get like 500 of those potato-filled, donut-hole looking things and shove them in your mouth. \u00a0Have a good time. \u00a0The cuban sandwich is also pretty tits.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Anthony M.", "time": "3/9/2013"}, {"content": "There is a reason for Porto's being a CITY success with a Mom & Pop name. Remains humbled despite the long lines and amazing bakery. Loaves of bread made fresh, as well as croissants that rival Europes. Wow. I absolutely love the Almond Croissant and their Red Velvet Cupcakes are underrated. Cakes are just amazing. Strawberry Shortcake is my personal favorite. How they manage to find that cross between sweet and light is mind-boggling to me. Everything here somehow hits right on the knob. There's not a single thing I've tried here that is too sweet or too salty. And service? People are really friendly here. Come here and you will NOT be dissapointed. Whether you're off for a quick sandwich or an afternoon dessert, pleasure awaits.OH- Take advantage of these addicting potato balls for savory and the cheese rolls for sweet. Addiction begins.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Kaori T.", "time": "11/15/2010"}, {"content": "This is a must try place. The cheese rolls, guava rolls, potato balls, dulce de leche kisses are AMAZING. They have a tons of variety in pastries as well as sandwiches. I gurantee that you will leave here with atleast a box, if not more.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Susie N.", "time": "8/18/2014"}]