[{"content": "Do I even need to write a review for this magical place? I usually don't care for pastries unless it's Portos! When you walk in during peak hours, don't be scared away because the lines actually move along fast. Plus while you wait you can plan which pastries you're going to get. My favorite is their cheese rolls and Sally cake. The cheese rolls are so delicious! The breading is like their butter croissant rolled with some bomb sweet cheese in the middle. The Sally cake is a better version of their muffin! It has raspberries and blueberries inside and the bread itself is so soft. I've tried their cubano and that was not disappointing at all either. I haven tried their coffees but I'm sure it's great! Be back soon!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Julie T.", "time": "11/12/2015"}, {"content": "\"Unimaginable food delicacies! \u00a0I have ordered so much food to take home on my journey back to Northern California ... If it makes it!!! My hubby will surely benefit from the Medianoche to the pastries galore. \u00a0Thank goodness they are all packaged up or I would gorge nyself!\"", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Cynthia F.", "time": "10/9/2016"}, {"content": "Oh, man! Porto's is amazing. This location is no exception. This was the first Porto's I ever visited when my friend wanted to come here to pick up a birthday cake. Porto's is always busy, no matter what time of day it is. However, don't be scared. The lines move very quickly! The workers are very efficient and have amazing memories for your order! Some of my favorite things: cheese rolls, potato balls, chicken croquettes, and almost every pastry in the display cases. Unlike real life, you can do no wrong with your choices here. Porto's sandwiches and drinks are also very delicious. Right now, my favorite is the chicken milanese sandwich. Drool. I like to wash it down with an oreo smoothie or a mocha. Haha, this place brings out my inner fatty.Most people that come here leave with gigantic boxes filled with goodies, especially people from out of town. It's THAT good. You must come here and give this place a try!This Porto's has a parking lot but if you go during peak hours you're going to have to circle a few times.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Christina S.", "time": "5/20/2016"}, {"content": "Yum. I've been here twice. Parking lot is crazy packed..and yet you always some how get a spot within a reasonable amount of time. We walked in and it was packed. Porto's is the definition of organized chaos. There are people everywhere, and yet...you are able to get what you need relatively fast and painless. My boyfriend got the pastrami melt, his brother got the tuna melt, and I got as many potato balls as my stomach could handle. I absolutely love the potato balls here. If you had to get anything...get the potato balls. I had three for lunch and was set until dinner. The sandwiches were really good too. The bread is nice and crispy! The guava and cheese pastry was really good too! Perfect ratio of pastry to filling. I love coming here. I seriously drool when I think about those potato balls.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Trini B.", "time": "6/28/2016"}, {"content": "Love This Place Always Fresh And People Love There Job. Must Be a Great Place To Work Cause There always Polite And Friendly and So Helpful", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Danny S.", "time": "11/23/2016"}, {"content": "Organized chaos in the best possible way. They seem to have a great system that may not totally be clear but it works great and you get in and ordered quickly despite the Disneyland status lines. The food is amazing! Love the potato balls and the plantain chips. I ordered the seasonal special veggie sandwich and it was everything I could have wanted. I was a little bummed that I didn't get plantain chips like i did last time I was there but it may have been the difference between eating there and taking it to go. Next time I will just order an extra side of them. I have not tried any of the desserts but they do look so incredible. I will need to share food next time so I can fit one into my diet. :)I cant wait for the location in Buena Park to open so I can go more often. for now this is a splurge when i go to the Unique Vintage or Pin Up Girl Boutiques.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Sarah A.", "time": "6/27/2016"}, {"content": "It can appear daunting during the weekend because the lines can look LONG. \u00a0But these guys have the system DOWN and know wassup. \u00a0They move so quickly and efficiently. \u00a0But, do try to have an idea of what you want do by the time you get up in front you can just order.My go-tos are the potato balls, empanadas/meat pies, and the cheese guava. \u00a0They have a new jalapeno cheese potato ball...LOVE IT. \u00a0Once I stopped by when they had a seasonal seafood potato ball..so good. I also LOVE their Medianoche preparada (w/ croquette) sandwich. \u00a0On POINT. \u00a0When I'm driving through SoCal, this is a must stop.Don't forget the tapatio!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Kim D.", "time": "6/27/2016"}, {"content": "Yummy in my tummy!! I discovered Porto's a few years and if it wasn't so far away from me, I would be there everyday. I came here again recently after not going for about a year, and it was just as good as the first time I had it a few years ago. (I was secretly hoping that it wouldn't be as good just so I wouldn't have to make the trek back here, but no such luck. Lol.)Located in an obscure corner, you can almost miss it, but there is always tons of cars and people around the store. Parking is not too bad. I believe they have a lot in the back, but I always skip it to park in one of the many street parking available. When you first walk in, it's almost overwhelming with people everywhere. There are also multiple lines all over the store. But, there is signs to show you which line to stand in (depending on what you are going to order) and friendly employees to direct you. They run the lines pretty efficiently so I never had to wait more than 30 minutes.The last time I was here, I ordered a few potato balls and cheese rolls, which is a must if you ever come here. \u00a0The potato balls were sheer deliciousness, it had the right amount of stuffing inside to balance the outside. \u00a0I topped off the potato ball with cheese roll, which was flaky deliciousness. \u00a0The pastry was sweet and crunchy. \u00a0(A tip: if you ever take some home, I always microwave the cheese roll for 15 seconds, the cheese then melts into the pastry and it's even more delicious). \u00a0Another thing that everyone should try is the fruit tart. \u00a0It's perfect cake for any occasion. \u00a0The fruit is always very fresh. \u00a0Just writing this review makes me want to go back to Porto's!! Yum! Go and check it out!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Jane L.", "time": "10/29/2015"}, {"content": "I had only ever had a few things from Portos but after meeting a friend for lunch, WOW, their menu is extensive and is all delicious. I had a simple Southwest salad but it was hearty, tastey and perfect. This ports was extremely busy, with parking being kind of an issue (a 5 minute issue). The line was fast and we were seating within 3 minutes of waiting for a table to open up.Can't wait to try their other food!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Erica J.", "time": "6/26/2016"}, {"content": "As a Floridian who loves Cuban food, it is both humbling and embarrassing that Portos puts the modern joints of Little Havana in Miami to shame. I'm actually a bit jealous because I dream of bakeries this good. \u00a0Their desserts are 5 star as were the meat plates and sandwiches. The Cuban coffee? Eh. And their croquettas de jamon and pappas rellenas were good but not oh wow. The counter calamity, long lines and bustle are not a winner either, but for this food, it's either come here or fly to Havana!", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Brian R.", "time": "8/22/2016"}, {"content": "This place was great! Although there were a ton of people Portos was extremely organized and efficient. The food was great.. I feel like we got one of everything in the pastry case and a Cubano sandwich. Everything was tasty and magical in its own way! And, yes, the guava streussel is as amazing as everyone raves!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Sovey L.", "time": "10/5/2016"}, {"content": "This place is a gem and it's a must go to when you're doing a road trip. \u00a0Sad to say that I only finally made it here in the past year or so. \u00a0Potato balls? Amazing!! \u00a0I can order a dozen and eat it all myself, but that it only be trouble. \u00a0I always order the usual: potato balls, cheese balls, cheese rolls, guava and cheese rolls, guava rolls, meat pie, ham croquette , chicken croquette, coffee and a a dessert.Wow! \u00a0I can't believe I order that much!! \u00a0But oh so good!!!Don't get intimidated by the lines; they're pretty fast.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Thuy V.", "time": "5/7/2016"}, {"content": "What can I say about Porto's bakery. It is one of the best bakeries in LA if not the best. If you live in LA and haven't heard about Porto's then you must be living under a rock.They have the best pastries and have a great selection to choose from. You can spend a fortune buying their pastries because you want to buy them all. Not only they make great pastries by their cakes are good too. They have great selection to choose from especially for kid's parties and they are very affordable compared to other bakeries. It's a great place to come and fulfill your sweet tooth cravings but it can get very busy here especially on the weekends but it's worth it.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Glenn A.", "time": "10/30/2015"}, {"content": "DELICIUOS!!!!!! Stay away if you are on diet! Every time I go here...I want to buy everything! Today was my daughter's Bday and ordered a Red Velvet cake for her. It was Beautiful and Delicious!!!! Thank you!!! Happy Bday Athina! :) '3", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Miss C.", "time": "9/28/2016"}, {"content": "Although it is super busy at this location. Staff is nigh only friendly and professional, but they are also provide fast and efficient customer service. All patties are heavenly. I highly recommend the tiramasu desset. They are not stingy with the brandy.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Anabel Balkind D.", "time": "9/13/2016"}, {"content": "how doesn't love portos??? my god this place is a pastry, cake and cuban food haven.don't be intimidated by the crowd. portos is always fully staffed and the line moves like an assembly line. sign to tell you what each line is for. staff is always focused and efficient. they have the best tres leche cake in the world. \u00a0they have some of the most attractive sweets you will ever see. the ham croquettes and the potatoe ball are so delicious. \u00a0the meat pies are just the right balance of meat and flaky pastry. the cuban cracker are addictive.the mariquitas (thinly cut green plantains) are freshly made and a great alternative to chip. everything is affordable priced. free samples available. great place for a lunch date or to buy a birthday cake. a must try...", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Yvette A.", "time": "4/12/2016"}, {"content": "I tried to order a custom cake a little over a week in advance. I wanted tres leches and I wanted a rainbow of fruit on top. It was for a baby shower. The baby's native Mexican name meant \"Rainbow Princess\" so the whole theme was rainbowtastic. I was annoyed that even with the time frame of a custom cake they said they couldn't make it work. So. Being creative -- and really wanting this tres leches cake -- I decided to buy the fruit myself, buy the cake day of, and make the changes. I got a lot of compliments on the cake. I just don't know why this couldn't be customized since they already have the fruit available.", "rating": "3.0 star rating", "name": "Megan M.", "time": "5/6/2016"}, {"content": "Amazing good; Great prices; Very busy however, but for food this good ... you should stand in line, plus they have so many people helping customers, you'll get through it in no time.Everything I tried here is truly amazing ... The pastries are great; Cakes are incredible ... and they have great food. 5 Stars all the way!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Paul W.", "time": "10/18/2016"}, {"content": "At first, I didn't understand the love for this place. There were long lines and a chaotic atmosphere. I was confused about the two lines. After several visits, I now see the beauty. First, the food is delicious. I love the cafe items since I do love sandwiches. There are decent portion and they have a veggie option. A health food store they are not, though. The pastries are amazing. I can not go here often or else I would gain a million pounds. Good prices. Cafe items and coffee are in line with other places with some items on the cheaper side. Good value with the pastries and cakes. No $5 cup of coffee here. Yummy juices, too (and not costing $8).Service has always been efficient and friendly.My favorite item is the cheese pastry roll. It isn't big, but I find it the perfect portion to accompany my coffee. It is only 70 cents, too!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Melyssa G.", "time": "10/11/2015"}, {"content": "Can I get an Amen!!! Winner winner chicken dinner!!! Okay seriously though, Porto's is one of the most consistent Eateries / Bakeries that I've been to.Yes it's true parking is usually horrendous and the second toughest part about your visit, first being wanting to order one of everything and not knowing what to decide on without practically ordering everything. Don't let crowd or the hustle and bustle get to you. The bakery generally has three areas where you can order. When you first enter to your far right you'll find a smaller line at which you can order whole cakes and be in and out and on your way. Now if you frequent Porto's and you already know what they have you can enter the line on the far left and let the employees know what you want to order.If you haven't been to Porto's before, or if you can't remember all the goodies that they have to offer; I suggest you get into the line that's in the middle of the store. It is generally longer but worth it. This way when it's your turn you'll be able to walk with the employee up and down the Bakery Case pointing out what you would like to devour.Just to put it out there a couple of my favorites are the Cubano Sandwich, Milk Berry Cake, Mango Mousse, and Spinach Feta Danishes. As for the drinks the unsweetened latte is great in addition to the guava smoothie.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Ruchika P.", "time": "8/5/2016"}]