[{"content": "I've been coming here for years since I was a kid.. It was my uncle's and grandfather's favorite place to go. I remember when it was a block up from where it is now and there were fans to keep the place cool. \u00a0Even back then, the wait was long. \u00a0Love the cakes, choco mouse cake, freshly squeezed orange juice, papas rellenos and meat pies... and the cheese rolls.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Joseph A.", "time": "9/4/2008"}, {"content": "This caf\u00e9 is... the biggest caf\u00e9 I've ever seen/been to. \u00a0So many eye...pastries. \u00a0Which to choose!?We always get the guava jelly roll and the cream cheese roll. \u00a0You can't pass these up. \u00a0I'm not sure if these are their signature items since the place carry a wide variety. \u00a0Sad to say, I haven't had them all. \u00a0If you're ambivalent, good luck. Anyhow, for a safe bet, try what I suggested.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "JC R.", "time": "7/8/2008"}, {"content": "One of the Places that will definitely be missed. We were so spoiled in california with all these places and porto's in definitely one of the gems that you don't want to part away. Before we move to Ohio for a job, we made sure that we grabbed some of the potato balls but unfortunately there were no chicken croquets so we ended up with more potato balls and some guava and cheese. The caprese was good and boy that triple chocolate mousse was the delightful. For 5 years, I never saw this place without a line. When you go here, sample whatever your eye pleases you. Sometimes the staff will give it to you for free.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Borj F.", "time": "9/4/2011"}, {"content": "I love Porto's!!! Although I live in the OC my husband and I endured a one hour drive on a \u00a0Sunday to have lunch here with my mom and stepdad. And it's was SOOO worth it. I've never eaten in the restaurant before, but I have indulged in the bakery items that my mom brings whenever we have a special occassion to celebrate. I ordered the pan con bistec, which was a sandiwich made of cuban bread, steak, tomatoes, and what looked like little fried potato strings. It was served with some fried plantains. The meat was not stringy or tough and I loved the crunchiness of the bread.My husband ordered the pan con lechon, which is a slow roasted pork sandwich, that also tasted delicious, but was a little \"too much meat\" for me, so one bite of his was enough.We also ordered two iced coffee drinks, the white chocolate mocha and the dulce de leche mocha, and those were pretty yummy, that I had to order another one to go on our way out. We also took home an dozen of their guava and cream cheese pastries, a dozen cheese rolls and a coconut cake with a pretty Hawaiian flower on it. The dessert case just makes you drool when you look at it. Can I have a dozen of everything, please?This location is much more convenient than the Glendale location because the restaurant is bigger, the parking is easier and free, and the service is quicker. I love the reasonably priced food and the delectable pastries...this is a Yelp must go!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Vanessa F.", "time": "11/10/2008"}, {"content": "Best cubano sandwiches and pastries to-go ever. Such an awesome place to visit, baked pastries everywhere, people searching for what to eat and what to take home for dessert, its an awesome place.The have this feta cheese, basil, and tomato sandwich on their fresh baked bread thats absolutely wonderful.Their creme brulee and empanadas are amazing.I have been here or had family bring desserts and sandwiches from here over two dozen times and never once was i dissapointed", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Eric P.", "time": "6/2/2009"}, {"content": "A kid in the candy store?? Bakery delight. You must get the Cuban Steak sandwich and the Guava smoothie!!! incredible. Also they have every kind of baked good, bread, cupcake, even steak salad!!! The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is the parking is out of control, the seating is very limited, the lines are crazy, but the food comes fast and its totally worth the wait.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Elizabeth J.", "time": "3/26/2009"}, {"content": "Here it goes, my second 5 star rating to date. I've been to Porto's twice and have not been disappointed either time by the food or the service. You wonder how the service can be good without waiters and waitresses? Wait till you step up to the counter where a bubbly, presumably cuban, staff person with a big smile patiently takes your order while you drool all over the pastry displays and menu. I know people drool because a worker comes by every so often and wipes down the glass display of goodies. Had to try the potato balls: mashed potato filled with ground beef, breaded and you know it ~ fried. I have a rule that if a food item is smaller than my fist, I'll have to eat two of them to be satisfied. These potato balls were probably a quarter of the size of my fist, but it only took two of these bad boys to satisfy me. \u00a0Don't confuse these with the meat pies, which is a puff pastry filled with ground beef but without the potatos. Good, but not as good as those balls (TWSSM - see profile). The sandwiches are made simple, just the way I like it. Not huge and sloppy, but with just the right ratio of bread and meat. I had the Pan con Bistec, which is marinated steak with potato sticks, garlic sauce, and grilled onions on a cuban bread. Their meat is warm and satisfying (TWSSM). Delicious. Last but not least, we had to try one of the many mouth watering deserts which are not only pleasing to the eyes, but equally pleasurable in the mouth (another TWSSM). Oh man. 5 stars for good food, fast service, cleanliness, delicious deserts, easy parking, and an opportunity for gratituous that what she said moments in this review.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Peter S.", "time": "5/31/2009"}, {"content": "This place is absolutely amazing! I've only been once and I can't wait to go again. You enter their little qeue and all you see are delicious looking pastries and cakes behind big glass cases. \u00a0It was hard to choose but the guy helping us let me try a cheese roll for free since I let him know it was my first time there. The first bite was absolutely deeee-licious!! I took home the savory potato balls, the delicate italian cheesecake, cheese rolls and guava filled empanadas. \u00a0I can't wait to go back!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Erika G.", "time": "7/11/2011"}, {"content": "Damn, those cheese rolls are good. Pick a sandwich ,any sandwich, \u00a0doesn't matter. The bread makes everything awesome. Don't forget to.ask for garlic dressing for the plantain chips.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Am E.", "time": "12/17/2011"}, {"content": "Pros: \u00a0Great food, VERY low prices, great selectionCons: \u00a0VERY crowded, always has a big line, difficult to get a tableGreat place to get some cheap and tasty food. \u00a0Make sure you have some time on your hands though, there's *always* a line, no matter what time of day!Their savory items are SO cheap (several things under $1.00!), you may do a double-take the first time you look at your bill! \u00a0The sweet stuff is a bit more (around $2.50), but still a lot lower than other places I've seen.The selection of the sweet items is virtually endless so one of the biggest challenges is deciding what to get! \u00a0It is also the reason people are always seen leaving Portos with massive bags! ;-)I specially like the fact that they have items that are not super-sweet.The selection of sandwiches is good but some of them are a bit dry, such as the chicken and the steak.They open really early (6:30 AM) and have a breakfast-only menu (sandwiches), which makes them a great breakfast destination.The staff at the counter always has a smile for you, amid all the insanity they face all day.Note that they close fairly early, at 7:30 PM", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Kaushik A.", "time": "2/16/2010"}, {"content": "All I have to say is PUMPKIN CHEESECAKE RULES!!!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Bill M.", "time": "1/13/2011"}, {"content": "ehhh. \u00a0I don't understand why everyone loves this place. \u00a0I've come back a couple times and tried different things on the menu, but never had anything that merits five stars. \u00a0Most recently I went with my parents. \u00a0My mom got the grilled veg sandwich, dad got something with steak and I got the potato balls, which apparently is what they're known for. \u00a0Mom was in love with her meal but unfortunately dad and I were just... eh. okay. \u00a0I've had better frozen knishes than what was in this sandwich. \u00a0On a previous occassion I'd eaten the grilled veggie sandwich, the same on my mom got and enjoyed, but I thought it was far too soggy. \u00a0The plantain chips are flavorless, without the oil dip they're hardly worth eating.The layout is cool and the people are nice and they have some good smoothies, but the food? \u00a0The food is meh. \u00a0Sorry, Porto's.Side note: I can't vouch for their pastries, I haven't tried them. \u00a0This is based solely on their sandwiches.", "rating": "3.0 star rating", "name": "Jessie S.", "time": "4/11/2011"}, {"content": "Porto's is my favorite LA bakery. In fact, we loved it so much we got our wedding cake here. Alternating layers of cuban cake with ducle de leche, guava and custard... SO GOOD. This place is really an LA staple. If you live her, you must try it at some point. Amazing cuban sandwiches, deliciously crisp potato meat balls, flakey guava custard patsteries, mmm... I could eat here every day. Go early to eat though, this place turns into a mob scence at all peak hours.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "De B.", "time": "5/22/2009"}, {"content": "This place has great food, great treats, great service, and the prices is icing on the whole experience. How someone could give this place a 3 or lower boggles my mind.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Alvin S.", "time": "11/7/2010"}, {"content": "two words...POTATO BALLLLLLSSSSits mash potatoes in ball form with meat inside. Life can't be better", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Dominic A.", "time": "9/2/2010"}, {"content": "If you even remotely like pastries, you MUST come here while in LA. They have a wide variety of picturesque and mouthwatering pastries. Even something so simple as a chocolate chip cookie somehow is even better than normal at Porto's. I have spent a lot of time in France and these flaky pastries are the closest things I've experienced. DON'T FORGET THE CHEESE ROLLS!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Mighty M.", "time": "10/25/2010"}, {"content": "Porto's is a very nice bakery. Nice design, nice people, parking isn't all that bad. The line moves fairly fast.The cheese rolls here are way overrated. They are sprinkled with sugar and honestly taste like a very very average cheese danish. Sweet, greasy and not very good at all.The majority of the customers here are dessert hunters, people that seek and destroy ice cream and cakes. I'm not one of those people, if a chocolate cake is in front of me there is no temptation. You can see their eyes light up when they look at the desserts.I tried the banana stuffed with beans and sprinkled with sugar. If they didn't throw sugar on the concoction it would have been fine.I ordered some potato balls. These are the best items on the menu. If all their items were like this I would have given it 4 stars.The guava and cheese strudel is a lot better than the cheese roll, not as sweet but very fruity. You can barely tell it's guava. They sell for a dozen the same price as the cheese rolls, about $7.40.I also had the chicken roll, not sure what it's called but it's like the potato roll but with chicken and cheese inside. Quite fatty and cheesy. Not bad, not great.So in summary, if you really like desserts this is probably the place for you. Cheese rolls, I will never understand the obsession over these things. They were just plain bad to me. My favorite item, the potato rolls...Looks like a nice place to have lunch. I'll try some other things next time. I like the decor and design of this place. But this is just an overhyped bakery the same way korean taco trucks and yogurt shops get overhyped.", "rating": "3.0 star rating", "name": "Bradley P.", "time": "7/3/2009"}, {"content": "I am in love with this bakery.I'm honestly getting emotional writing this review, because there are no words to describe how delicious everything is here. \u00a0I literally mean EVERYTHING. \u00a0I have brought groups here, gotten takeout, come here for a quick lunch with my boyfriend, and every single thing I or anyone else has tasted was out of this world amazing.My favorites (although everything is good!): Potato balls and meat pies (with hot sauce = heaven)Pan con Lechon sandwich--Cuban pulled pork heavenMango mousse cakeGuava and cheese pastriesCherry turnoversSome tips: \u00a0The parking lot can be pretty hectic, but spaces usually open up, and there's plenty of street parking. \u00a0You can order from either side of the restaurant (the side to the left also takes orders for big cakes). \u00a0The lines look long, but go pretty fast. \u00a0Order more than you think you'll want, because it's cheap, and you can always take it home to eat later!If you haven't been yet--go now! \u00a0Just go!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Megan S.", "time": "9/1/2008"}, {"content": "OMG OMG OMG! I'm excited cuz I finally get to review Portos Bakery. Hands down, prolly the best pastries I've had. Everytime I visit the parentals home, I HAVE to take a trip to Burbank (despite of 101 south traffic- I don't care). 1. Cheese Rolls - holy crap I can't even describe how amazing and delish this is! Especially when they are freshly baked-omg! 2. Guava and Guava&Cheese Roll- my second favorite goodie! 3. Potato Balls- yummy yummy yummyOk those 3 are a must on my list. There are, however, tons of other mouth watering goodies on the menu. Food wise, the dishes are also good. I don't think I have gotten anything that I didn't like.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Sarah S.", "time": "10/7/2009"}, {"content": "Cuban Sandwich + Potato ball = Heaven. THE END. Ok, seriously. Everything in this place is to die for! I usually stick with a cuban sandwich or medianoche. But I NEVER leave without throwin a potato ball in there somewhere! It's a requirement. I also loooove the orange juice. Freshest OJ I've ever tasted. Also, the pricing is about right. Not expensive at all. I would have given a 5, but I had to take the lines into consideration. The wait can be a bit lengthy. But it's definitely worth it!!!! Plus, long wait means good food, right?? Pastries are great too! If you haven't been, GO NOW!", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Alicia S.", "time": "10/5/2009"}]