[{"content": "What can I say, I love my carbs. This fathers day I had to buy a cake for my lovely grandfather, papa chuche, since my father passed about 5 years ago, I have him to thank him for all he has done for the family and of course reminisce all the awesome times with .y jefe. Portos never fails in making the best for families out there. Always a smile on my face when i take a bite of the cake. Keep making smiles Portos! :)", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Maria M.", "time": "6/19/2016"}, {"content": "Portos wow best bakery in Burbank , friendly staff , worth the wait , cheese rolls , cakes yummy!", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Yolanda F.", "time": "4/14/2016"}, {"content": "(To get to the best part without reading my extra long review, scroll all the way down to the bottom, lol) Yesterday was my first time at the notorious Porto's. I come to So Cal every year because most of my family is out here and always anticipated trying this place and never got the chance to until this time around, we celebrated my birthday and we were gonna pick up a cake. Upon arrival, I saw a line out the door. I knew that this the bee's knees because I heard it was rated #1 on Yelp. Mind you, I thought this meant #1 in the San Fernando Valley. I didn't know it was rated #1 in the country but I could see why. This place was packed and separated by what seemed like three sections (guessing) salads/sandwiches, pastries and savory treats, then hot food like Cuban and Mediterranean plates. We came for the bakery goods. The line was long and out the door but it went by pretty fast. When it was my turn up, I told the associate that it was my first time here and I know I wanted to pick up some potato balls and croquettes but was overwhelmed with the pastries because everything looked amazing! She was nice enough to let me sample some of their popular pasties like the dulce de leche kisses and cheese rolls. I ordered two dozen of each for the family and for the road. Absolutely necessary. Once I finished the order, I was laughing at myself with how many boxes I had stacked up on the way to the register. The register rang me up and my total was higher than anticipated but when in Rome, do as. And when you're at Porto's, it's not uncommon to leave with more than 3-4 boxes so naturally I had like...6. When we go to my aunt's house in Northridge, I was a little disappointed to see they forgot several of my items. Especially because everything was going so smooth and they were very attentive. I didn't bother to check my bag for them because my order was so big I figured there wouldn't be so many items missing. I was missing 4 potato balls, 3 cheese potato balls, 2 croquettes, 2 rellenitos & 4 of my daughter's pricier chocolate pastries. I didn't want to give them a hard time because I ordered so much stuff I guess I can see why they might have left behind my boxes but since I was quite a drive away and was missing a lot of stuff I called Porto's and told them my issue. Once I called the store and told them my stuff was missing and I would make my way there with my receipt, they said they would take care of me no problem and let the manager know I would arrive. There was an even longer line on my return, but we skipped the line and went straight to the front where there was an employee having the line under control. I told him I needed to see the manager because I was there to pick up my forgotten items, he showed me and my family a seat in the waiting area while he found someone to cover for him at the entrance. Once he did, he came back and told me to show him all the items that were missing and he was going to go take care of it. We didn't wait long before he came back with 4 huge boxes (I thought he was also picking up someone else's order) he gave me everything I payed for and made sure my savory treats were nice and hot so I was excited to see that. Then he showed me a large box filled with cheese rolls and another with dulce de leche kisses and I said they didn't forget those, I had them back home and he said \"no, ma'am this is complimentary. This is for the inconvenience, we do apologize about this\" and I thought that was the sweetest thing ever. I didn't have a bad attitude or was an upset customer. I just wanted what I payed for, I was understanding and calm throughout the whole scenario. I loved that he took the time to see what else I ordered in bulk (lol) on my receipt to accommodate me for the inconvenience. He could've just gave me what I came for but he went the extra mile. That totally won me over. I left more than satisfied. He didn't make me feel like I was an inconvenience or like I was bothering him when it was so busy this Saturday early evening. I asked him what his name was, I believe he said it was Wilbert. I wanted to remember it for the next time I come back and also for this Yelp review. Amazing pastries, savory treats and great customer service to match. I really appreciate everything about this location and I already can't wait to come back. Would rate more than 5 stars if I could. If management reads this, thank you! You guys are doing an amazing job here! You won a new client and I don't even live nearby at all but will continue to be here every time I catch myself in surrounding areas of the Valley.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Janett D.", "time": "2/21/2016"}, {"content": "Even though you didn't make me #FanOfTheMonth on Instagram like I ax you ta do...And your lines be long as hell...And you attract Hollywood, snobbish, self-entitled assholes during lunch hour...You give 110% on every damn pastry you put your hands on, you walk by offering samples (especially when I'm hungry!), your ridiculous lines move FAST,AND THAT MARDI GRAS KING CAKE WAS A PERFECT TEN!Shoot...I bought two mardi gras king cakes, and not a crumb was left! \u00a0Even the \"gluten free\" fools were chowing down!Laissez les bons temps roulez!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Valerie Deanna C.", "time": "4/1/2014"}, {"content": "I've been going to Porto's for over 2 years now... every time I'm in the area - I stop by and buy a LOT of boxes full of yummy stuff... so obviously they must be good , right ?RIGHT !! They are very good... \u00a0and they are full all the time - for a good reason !I probably tried EVERYTHING there by now - and it's just consistently good and there is nothing I really didn't like... though there are some favorites.The sweet cheese pastries are all good - the mousse pastries are all good - even all the classics (Tiramisu , red velvet , Napoleon etc.) are just GOOD... they have mastered it all - and found the right formula for each item on their menu.I also love the non-sweet stuff - tamales & potato balls and what not... you can't really go wrong with them !So , you're asking WHY did I give only 4 points and not 5 ?Yes... the OBVIOUS reason - TOO MUCH WAITING TIME !For me - the whole experience has to be good to give 5 stars and if I need to stand in LINE ... AT ALL - this cannot be a perfect experience !I never stand in line - I hate it & I usually avoid going anywhere I need to stand in line (Disneyland is OUT ! ) - but I understand they have a lot of people coming... so there's not enough servers but just don't make us STAND IN LINE !! Do something else !! THINK OUTSIDE THE BOX !!What about we take a number and go sit till we're called ?What about putting some iPads so people can go order on it - and just come pick up when it's \u00a0 \u00a0ready ? everyone have iPhone if the iPads are all busy... it will actually SAVE your servers a lot of time... no talking is needed.I mean , I went to look on your web site - what the heck is that ?!? that's a joke , not a web site... \u00a0Why don't you have the option to ORDER ONLINE ? I can build such a site in 2 days... why can't you ?!? why is it not important to you ?! who runs this place ?! it's going to be ideal if we can just order online - if you just put nice pictures of everything, so we know what we buy.Then we tell you what time we're coming to pick up - you start preparing it a bit before we come so it's fresh... and we simply come then, no lines - just go pick up our boxes. DONE !In & out... 2 minutes top. That's how it SHOULD BE !There are so many options I can think of to AVOID THE LINES - I can think of 10 more... why can't you ?? why do you let it be a BAD experience when it can be an all good one ?I personally would have paid $10 extra to have it all just delivered to my home...I know what I want - and I want it EVERY WEEK - so just prepare it every Friday and deliver it to me.When you do that - I'll give you 5 STARS ! I think we all will ...And if you need help - I will happily do that all for you... I can have an online web site that takes orders and a delivery service all running & working within a week !I'm sure it will change everything...", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Dr Dave D.", "time": "12/23/2015"}, {"content": "It's Porto's what else is there to say! \u00a0Food is great. \u00a0Service is always friendly and with a smile. The pastries are remarkable. Ever yet to ever have a bad one. \u00a0And the meat pies and potato balls... well there's a staple of any diet!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Justin G.", "time": "6/25/2016"}, {"content": "Cheap, amazing delicious quality food. \u00a0Get the meat pies and potato balls, any sandwich is amazing quality for so cheap.Lines are always long, but don't be discouraged, they go fast. \u00a0And the lines are long for a reason. \u00a0But the staff is very friendly, and fast. \u00a0Service happens in no time.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Ari F.", "time": "10/9/2015"}, {"content": "I live in nor cal but If we visit so cal I always drop by at portos. I been to glendale and burbank... In glendale there is so many customer and the downside is to the part where you order to the part were you pay is so slow unlike in burbank which os fast and they have parking space too but I'm only here when I'm taking a vacay so its ok. It's still thumbs up...", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Anne T.", "time": "9/5/2015"}, {"content": "I'm not a fan of waiting in lines lol but this is the only place I will stand in line for over an hour for their cheese rolls, potato balls, and their dulce de leche kisses .", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Erika C.", "time": "6/17/2016"}, {"content": "First time here tried the infamous potato balls, chicken croquettes, guava strudel, and cheese rolls! And will glady get them again! And again! Cheap prices, delicious pastries, long lines that actually moves, and friendly servers. I'm a happy camper here. Gotta get a dozen of those potato balls next time half a dozen wasn't enough...it's addicting!Came in on Sunday at 5:30pm the line was still indoor but when I left it was out the door and around the corner. Guess its all by luck when you come here! Ill be back to try more items on the display and menu:) a new favorite bakery on my list!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Anita L.", "time": "8/19/2014"}, {"content": "We go here every time we drive down to SoCal. Cheese rolls are so flippin' amazing.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Joseph Allen J.", "time": "6/8/2016"}, {"content": "I mean come on. I will straight up fight someone for those famed potato meatballs. It's purely a slice of heaven every time I bite into one. There's a reason why their staff is on the ready every time someone enters their doors. They have at least 8-9 irreplaceable menu items that people crave for.As expected, the facility is very spacious with lots of great staff waiting to serve you, almost down to a science. They know exactly what will complement what you're getting, all the way down to the dessert. My guilty pleasure is the Ropa Vieja sandwich. Cuban shredded beef to perfection. The dried plantain chips are a playful touch. Of course I always start it off with 2-3 potato balls, but it's very easy to get carried away and order like...15 of them. Ha!It's crazy that I got introduced to Porto's for the sandwiches and food, but they are REALLY known for their cakes and desserts. The lineup for that end of the store is pretty much (if not more) than the food line, and everyone behind the counter is an expert as well, also giving you proper suggestions for special occasions.You can't go wrong with this place. It's so popular in LA to the point that I know people who incentivize their get-togethers by saying \"...yeah it will be a great time, we even have Porto's catering the event\". Yup. It's that good!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Chris N.", "time": "8/17/2015"}, {"content": "I absolutely love this place and have been coming to Porto's Bakery for over a decade.Pastries vary in price and are usually below a dollar a piece. Specials on buying cheese rolls and guava cheese strudels are discounted and priced for approximately $8 for every dozen. While a average size cake (feeding about 8-10) is priced between $20-25.My go to orders include: cheese rolls, guava cheese strudels, potato balls, red velvet cake, and tres leche cake.One of the best pastries in the valley and all three locations have over 2,000, if not 3,000, reviews with 4.5 an average rating. If you're near Glendale, Burbank, or Downey stop by this place and treat your family with special taste of Cuban deliciousness!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Albert S.", "time": "4/1/2014"}, {"content": "It's all about the Potato Balls. I could eat an entire box of those suckers. Everything I've ever had from here is spectacular though. The place is beyond busy so don't plan on getting in and out, that won't be happening. But, it will definitely be worth the wait. There is a parking lot behind the building along with street parking. You can call ahead orders and pick up in a separate line.Their cakes are pretty darn gorgeous too as well as delicious. If you have lived in LA for any period of time I'm sure you know about Porto's, it's an LA staple.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Kristine M.", "time": "2/9/2015"}, {"content": "The cuban Torta is the best and the atmosphere, very lively :)!!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Johanna A.", "time": "7/2/2016"}, {"content": "Oh, Porto's, how I love you so. Ever since I started frequenting your store in 2010, you have only kept me happily fed, and you haven't hurt my wallet in the slightest. Labor Day weekend was the first time I've been to the Burbank location, and the quality is pretty much still fantastic. You know the regulars - get the potato balls, croquettes, and chorizo/meat pies. Delicious balls of fried dough with pureed potatoes and well-seasoned minced meat inside of them. How can you say no? The meat pies even have a slightly sweet exterior to match the savory filling, and the dough is always flaky, but not flaky to the point where it falls apart all over you. If you haven't had any of their sandwiches before the pan con lechon will fill you up and keep you happy. Large portions of pork with buttered and toasted bread, accompanied by a side of their fried plantain chips. Wash it all down with a wonderful horchata that is as cinnamon-y as it is sweet, and you are good to go.Their sweet pastries aren't as great, but if you heat up either the guava and cheese strudel or the strawberry and cheese croissant, you won't be complaining. It's their hot items you want though. You can't miss with their sandwiches or hot and cheap specialties. Seriously, it's less than $1 for a potato ball. What.Lines are long, but they move quickly, so do your research and know what you want. The parking lot is a mess, so be careful about navigating it. But seriously, don't freak out about the line. You'll get your stuff so quickly that you'll actually be amazed at how you got from the door, to ordering, and finally to waiting for and picking up your sandwich in under half an hour. It's legit, and it's always packed, so I hope you get to snag a table. Make sure to bring some home for your friends and family. They'll thank you later.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Danny C.", "time": "9/7/2015"}, {"content": "First time customers there last week. \u00a0Had to post. \u00a0Ordered some pastries, and sandwiches, and my 2 daughters ordered horchata smoothies. \u00a0They tasted AWESOME, until my older daughter found a gold foil type of paper in her drink. \u00a0took it to the server, changed it right away. \u00a0a few minutes later, my younger found the same thing in her drink(maybe from same batch?). \u00a0this time I took it to the manager on shift, Brenda. \u00a0she apologized, gave a replacement, along with some pastries on the house. \u00a0As I was inspecting the drink, found a metal wire on the bottom!! \u00a0told her that was bad.. \u00a0VERY bad. \u00a0she agreed, apologized again, replaced the drink, and then gave a gift card showing a comp meal for whole family on next visit... \u00a0along with a HUGE fruit tart!!! \u00a0I thanked her, but asked if we can accept the tart on the Wednesday, as we were travelling from bay area, and will still be there for the amusement parks til Wednesday. \u00a0she complied, and wrote in the tart as well.Wednesday comes, and speak with manager on shift Todd. \u00a0we all ordered a pastry each, 4 grilled steak plates, 2 sandwich plates, and a pulled pork plate... \u00a0along with all horchata smoothies.. \u00a0ALL good, and all free. \u00a0along with the giant fruit tart? \u00a0I will DEFINITELY be coming back. \u00a0BRENDA and TODD, thank you so much for turning our experience into a positive one. \u00a0your customer service alone would be a reason to return.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "marco r.", "time": "6/6/2016"}, {"content": "BEWARE: This place is addictive! I glad I don't live closer to this place because I would blow up in a week!Aside from the print service, the quality is remarkable at Porto's! There fresh and tasty sandwich fit any budget. The only problem is the endless lines at this place. Not to mention the express drink line!My faves: Caramel Kiss Cookie, Napolean, dulce de leche cake, masareal, guava blended, and grilled chicken sandwich!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Yassi B.", "time": "12/4/2015"}, {"content": "Porto's really does live up to its reputation. I came here on a weekday at about 1:30PM while I was waiting for Conan O'Brien (I got tickets to sit in the audience). There is always a line but the people here have everything down to a science. The line moves really quickly and the staff is excellent at taking orders without having to write anything down. My boyfriend and I split the potato ball, meat pie, chicken empanada, chicken croquette, chorizo pie a large orange juice, fruit tart and tiramisu. Our favorites were the chicken empanada followed by the meat pie. The orange juice was the best I've had in LA (seriously!) and the tiramisu was great. I'm sad I don't live closer to here otherwise I would definitely come more often!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Kerry K.", "time": "8/28/2015"}, {"content": "The hype is definitely real for this place. They offer quality baked goods at inexpensive prices so it's no wonder people are coming out of this place with boxes on boxes of them!Although the line looks intimidating, they actually pass by fairly quickly. It took maybe 15-20 minutes before it was our turn to order. We ordered their empanadas, strudels, and of course their famous cheese rolls and potato balls. Everything was delicious! The only thing that didn't blow me away was their cheese rolls, which taste quite ordinary to me. But the potato balls though! To be honest I was skeptical about just how good these would be. They just sounded like tater tots to me. Boy, was I wrong. My best description of them would be that they're like mini Shepherd Pies. They would be the perfect on-the-go snacks that can fill you up in a jiffy.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Lisa T.", "time": "2/21/2015"}]