[{"content": "My go to place in the valley for visiting relatives and friends. It's always busy, which is the sign of a great restaurant. You have to wait in line to order, \u00a0but it moves fast.I love their plaintains stuffed with black beans, meat pies, \u00a0& deep fried mashed potatoe balls stuffed with meat.Let's not forget their vast assortment of delectable desserts.A must visit place.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Beverly M.", "time": "6/27/2015"}, {"content": "This place always amazes me with the amount of things they have. I am obsessed with there potato balls. Also the sandwiches are tasty and give me a bit of a taste of home being from a neighboring island (Puerto Rico) this Cuban feel place brings a sense of homey feel and taste to it and I really like it. Churrasco sandwich is my favorite one. \u00a0 Especially since there are not many places like that in the La area. No matter what you like you are bond to find anything here really. Also they have an amazing selection of desserts. I love the triple chocolate mousse the most.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Desiree Michelle M.", "time": "5/7/2015"}, {"content": "great place. Line moves quick so it's not bad at all. Great place for pastries Very hectic.I usually come here for breakfast and it's great timing for very good quality foodThere's a greeter and will usually direct you to a line. To make it easier on you", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Luis F.", "time": "7/28/2015"}, {"content": "Prepare for a long line on the weekend! Parking sucks but valet is now available. Trust me, if you're a carb lover, this place will be worth ALL the hassle!Highly recommend coming here during the weeks instead of the weekend.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Sophia V.", "time": "9/28/2014"}, {"content": "Waited in line for an hour and a half. Got home and found that out order was wrong. Called them to see how we could fix this without standing in line for another hour and a half. The phone went straight to an answering machine and hung up on me. I've had good service before but they need to figure out how to answer the phone and how to take an order correctly. It's \u00a0a shame that they have a good product but the service is crap, if someone is willing to stand in line for so long you'd figure they'd do their best to make sure the wait was worth it. On this occasion, the wait was not worth it.", "rating": "1.0 star rating", "name": "Art M.", "time": "12/24/2015"}, {"content": "Always a great time here and my taste bud and tummy are always happy and satisfied! Who can say anything bad about this place!! Porto's I love you!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Y S.", "time": "1/24/2016"}, {"content": "The parking is a little crazy, and the atmosphere is super loud. The lines are always incredibly long. However, those are the only bad points about Porto's. The food is incredible, there is something there for everyone. The plantain chips are tasty, and their empanadas are excellent.Taking two stars off for the heinously long waits. It's darn near impossible to find a seat. When you do, you're touching elbows with strangers. It's a tight squeeze. It's almost a compliment, the food is so good that it's always packed. Still worth the trip. Get your order to go, and don't forget to order dessert.", "rating": "3.0 star rating", "name": "Shandi M.", "time": "5/24/2014"}, {"content": "Had to come here with the boyfriend during our trip to SoCal since so many of our friends rave about it!! There was a long line when we went (around 7PM), not sure about different times of the day but be prepared to wait 20 or so minutes if you are getting to-go. The food:Potato balls - 4 stars - these are so delicious!! Each bite was like heavvvennn in our mouths! They definitely put a good amount of filling in each potato ball. Eat it fresh! They taste crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. YUMMM.Cheese balls - 3.5 stars - a little bit on the sweeter than cheesy side but these were great also! It tastes similar to danishes and we loveeee the layered texture of puff pastries! Chai latte - 3 stars - we definitely tasted the chai spice, it was a little too spicy and not enough milk for our tastes. Overall, service is quick and efficient! The lines move fast and they constantly put out a fresh batch of baked goods throughout the day!", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Vivian L.", "time": "4/28/2014"}, {"content": "The only place that is able to produce quality and quantity at a low price. We make a straight bee line to this bakery for potato balls, cheese rolls and cherry turnovers. Eat the potato ball first, then a cheese roll and if you can fit in a cherry turnover. Or the cherry turnover, then the cheese roll. BUT eat the potato ball first. Enjoy!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Anne T.", "time": "7/18/2013"}, {"content": "This review is ONLY FOR SERVICE. I was so excited to take my family here for the first time. NEVER AGAIN.Employee Elyss A, (ID no. 1588) is the worst employee I've ever encountered. She had an attitude when we were ordering and given how busy Portos always is, she took her sweet time chatting with other employees before taking our order. When it came time to pay she sent us to the register at the on the far right counter, but decided that she would go to the far left counter. After waiting 10 minutes the cashier told us we had to wait for Elyss. It was only then that Elyss waved us down and made us walk to the other end. In between that time she saw us walk to the wrong counter and did nothing to inform us to go to where she was. She stood at the end continued to chat with other employees until we got to the cashier that told us to wait.On top of that, Employee Jose B (Employee No. 1662) forgot to add a meal to our check and our last party was waiting on their food without knowing. We went back up to let Jose know and add it, Jose didn't even apologize, he gave a look to Elyss A who was also at the register and then just asked if we wanted to order it. Of course we want to order it. Is our last party just going to sit and watch everyone else eat?Jose and Elyss should not be working at the registers. Hell they shouldn't even be in hospitality or customer service.Portos needs to hire friendlier employees. The attitude and lack of patience with customers needs to be fixed. I've gone in to the Glendale location and the employees don't even smile at you. Just because you're a popular cafe doesn't mean you can skimp on quality customer service.", "rating": "1.0 star rating", "name": "Sabrina L.", "time": "12/6/2015"}, {"content": "Where do I even start? The pork sandwich with pickled onion is to DIE for. I have dreams about it seriously. The cheese rolls are always good but don't leave without trying one of the guava cheese rolls, warm preferably. Mind blowing. My husband and I ordered our wedding cake through them and we could not have been happier. Guava filling with Cuban yellow cake. It was divine.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Tiffany L.", "time": "7/2/2016"}, {"content": "I've been here several times and the customer service is always great. \u00a0Yes .... The line is always long but it goes really fast. Even if the line is out of the door the max time you'll be waiting is 15min. The first time I went there I didn't know what they're famous for and when I asked I got free samples of about 7 different pastries. \u00a0I must say the cheese roll is my favorite although every pastry I've tried is great. The sandwiches are huge and yummy! They also have good bread. I've tried olive bread, wheat bread and the miki grain with walnuts and they're all great. I also like the fact that the price is really cheap ( all pastries around one dollar ), a dozen cheese rolls under $10 !", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Megumi T.", "time": "6/8/2015"}, {"content": "Best place hand down for croissants and cakes. I love this place been coming in since I was in high school :) my whole family comes here. Keep it up portos", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Marla R.", "time": "1/29/2016"}, {"content": "I absolutely LOVE this place , the patato balls are to die for! Super busy place, but really clean and fast pacing. Customer service is also great. Everyone is super friendly. I would recommend it to anyone. :)", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Miranda A.", "time": "1/29/2016"}, {"content": "Holy crap! \u00a0This place is AWESOME!!! \u00a0I was in Burbank for the day and looked up where to go on yelp and this place popped out with so many awesome reviews. Isn't it great when the place lives up to the hype? \u00a0Place was packed with long lines but they move super fast. Plus you need the time to contemplate all the things you want to try. Of course I ordered way too much. The Potato Balls are a must. No matter what you get, have at least of i these in the side. At $0.99 they are also a great value. Huge ball of potato with ground beef inside. Basically tastes like the best empanada you aver had combined with the best mashed potatoes you ever had. \u00a0Apple Strudel was excellent but the Cheese Roll was my favorite. \u00a0I took a dozen to go and my wife and three kids ate them all that same day. I asked around and it sounds like you can pretty much order anything and expect great food. But the most amazing part is how nice the staff is. They are packed all day and work so hard yet are so friendly and helpful. Anytime you find a place that is this busy all day you know you have found a gem. Try it once and you will dream about their pastries....", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "David C.", "time": "3/13/2015"}, {"content": "It's about time! I have known this Cuban heaven forever. And then years ago, they opened one in Burbank! I randomly pick up pastries or anything here. Although I got tired of their cakes, DULCE DE LECHE kisses and Cuban crackers remained to be a part of my visits. Among the other yummy breakfast offers, the GUACAMOLE AND CHEESE OMELETTE SANDWICH will always be my favorite. Their cakes or cheese rolls do not excite me anymore. But for newbies, their cakes and pastries are recommended because it's inexpensive. \u00a0Please note that the line is long but it moves fast because their staff works wonders. Only one staff \u00a0processes your order and payment at the same time. \u00a0Squeaky clean place will conclude my 5-star rating!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Susan U.", "time": "6/2/2013"}, {"content": "Hands down my favorite bakery for petit pastries. Guava cheese pastry and cheese rolls are the best.", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Shellie P.", "time": "1/19/2016"}, {"content": "Come here for carbs and meat.This place is huge with indoor seating, but expect lines out the door. They have an assortment of pastries and sandwiches that you can eat at a table or take to go.potato balls - ok, kind of oilymeat pies - really good. flaky on the outside, flavorful meat on the insidepan con lechon (roasted pork sandwich) - huge portion, comes with plantain chips and lots of meat. good enough to split and try other pastries in addition.guava smoothie - does not taste natural at all, and way too sweet. thumbs down. the drink also took much longer than the food to arrive at the table. we already finished all the pastries and sandwiches long before getting our smoothie.", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Katrina L.", "time": "7/17/2014"}, {"content": "Wow! \u00a0What a place! \u00a0It is always crazy busy, \u00a0so don't let that stop you, \u00a0the line moves fast! \u00a0The people are friendly and willing to help... considering the craziness at the counter. Prices are reasonable too! Try the coconut macaroons....Yum!", "rating": "5.0 star rating", "name": "Karen F.", "time": "1/2/2016"}, {"content": "Parking available in the back. It may be hard to find but if you wait you should be able to find something. I think they also have valet parking in the back as well. This place is busy. There are two lines. When you enter the line of the left is for everything on the menu and the line on the right seems to be for pastries and drinks.Potato balls- get it!Chicken croquette- get it!Cheese rolls- little croissant like pastry with sweet cheese inside. get it! It is flaky moist and not too sweet!Cortadito sweeten- SO GOOD! has a clean after taste.Horchata- it's like a horchata slushy- very very good!Choco chip cookie- crispy, chewy and not too sweet! so good with the cortadito!Pastrami sandwich was probably the best I had so far.I tried the Cubano and it was not as goodI got the guava pastries (I heard they are known to have good guava pastries. I heard the guava and cheese is really good but I did not try it but got it for my family.)Why is food in Cali so much better than food in the DMV area?", "rating": "4.0 star rating", "name": "Eunice K.", "time": "6/17/2014"}]